they 4 categories. They are managed by oh,
sorry. Yeah, green.
That better? Yeah.
So these four categories,
is that what the user,
the person who wants the request is that
how do they urgently see it? Yeah.
I mean that the services that they will
get. So it could be that they want to say,
for example, when they're buying the grid,
you know, entering it. Yeah,
the entry point,
it could be that they might not know that.
You know, managed by that county. Yeah,
it could be.
I want to do the following and that's the
and that's the task or the form that we
presented to them.
You should put them in services.
They might just as you said it wouldn't
land if they wouldn't know that.
That's right.
That's so it's just the service,
but effectively how it lands with them
that we I want to do.
Right through the portal. You know,
maybe in three clicks that that's the
service that they manage. OK, yeah,
rather than than what's managed client.
So that group is on again,
you can be for all sorts of reasons,
but this would be.
We look for a while.
We're here for this particular things.
You know how they're doing it.
So their funding would be,
I want to do the following,
which you probably, you know,
relates to the rates. That's it. OK.
It would be kind matter, but they said.
So these are the things.
Can I just check and is it beneficial if
like yesterday we give an overview of
assuring like a very brief way to make
sure that everybody understands what
rates mean over here and.
Yeah. And like the end process of rates,
what we manage is it possible for you to
give an overview,
start out doing dark myself in the
journey? I don't probably use opia.
What is our process?
What does rates mean actually? Yeah,
not not going into any technicalities.
Yeah, so.
The rates team are probably going to
entertain that they do also the global
and change rates or they put no rates in,
that's the majority of their job and then
we'll talk about the matter.
There's a lot of updating of addresses
and 3rd party payers and currencies.
All that sort of stuff, really.
Panel agreements is a big thing as well,
which we do.
So we need to make sure they're in system
as well. That's it, really.
It's all amendments and updating of reads
and anything to do with.
The address these affairs currencies,
I just wanted to check it and do you have
like a global standard rate that's
applied for all client matters and then
you may have a potential client that you
have agreed within a contract,
a particular rate that you don't have to
update within the system as well.
And then there is?
There's global international standard
rates,
also global local rates and there's
premium rates. However, on top of that,
there's also rates that the partner has
agreed. No, she has tax rates, yeah,
it's it's like an onion, many layers.
It's not even just a client level.
And within a client that also might be
certain matters,
what they're working on that also have.
I think we cover annual rates,
discounted rates, volume,
discounted rates, multiple things.
So showing there's going to be that the
whole layer of the kind of different
rates and it goes down further and
further. But yeah,
and this and this can be 95% of our
audience, they may have registration.
Should.
And then we'll get nominations. Yeah,
that's not typical sense. Yeah,
you had some level of sorts of value of
the contracts,
and that means that you can get a bulk
discount on ticket rates. Well, yeah. OK.
So how I was saying yesterday is that all
these documentations and the discussion
was etcetera is agreed at the time of the
induction of the client.
So you go through with your standard
rates but then bigger clients.
To come and say that no,
we do have these panel agreements and you
know for one year it will be XYZ and on
the second year it will be such a search
they will have contract informations that
if we build say 10 million then anything
about 10 million you will give us a 5%
discount anything over 25,000,
000 give us a.
10% discount.
So all those things are again part of
those documentations which is again saved
in the in tough terms as well as in in in
that app and so.
High level is that yes,
the rates are agreed given that
information is given to us and
Geraldine's team is gonna be ensuring
that those rates are captured,
which facilitates the next step of
billing. Yeah. Yeah. So.
So the bill which we will cover tomorrow
is like PDF.
Version of you know PDFPDF bill is
generated at the back of the rates and
everything is mentioned in caches, input,
the disbursements, etcetera as well.
So once that is ready either it is sent
back to the PE,
if it is a manual billing need to be sent
out by an e-mail to the client or they
send that Bill PDF to E billing to upload.
On the tracker,
so just giving you a full circle. Yes,
that's great. Yeah.
That's perfect. And I think that's openly,
that's the science outside of these
queries that you're managing and lots of
it up on. So there's a few. What's that?
Is there anything on that manage?
Clients,
that's I think and probably there's some
duplicate that they might be to do with
rates.
So there's other particular queries that
you get in at client level.
So address change,
I think there's some of the best
maintenance parent client updates.
With notification updates, new pay,
you know the new,
so maybe we can start with a new.
So is that sort of a good place to start
that you might get a new clients or a new
rates as that or is it yes you get
relationship is yeah we can do so there
is a new client,
there's partners and we negotiate rates
and willing to do.
And then come play.
It gets us meaning or by someone else.
And that's that's something important was
the momentous and how we get that we do.
Sometimes we get the engagement letter
and sometimes we just get an e-mail.
Sometimes it's just more information that
we get, so it's not, it's not great.
How do you see that on top of that?
There's also client needs that often get
to discount as well.
So also I'm just aware that yes, sorry.
So we'll get a new new agreement through
all advisors of rates and when they do
advisors,
they don't always advise us of everything
that we actually need.
So they may say a partner is actually
such and such such. However,
we've also got premium for the tax
department, they may have different rates.
And they don't tell us and they not tell
us that.
And so there's areas that miss out.
There may be a volume discount what we
just discussed and they may forget to
tell us that as well. But on that point,
just with the news. So it might be,
as you said,
there's a part that going off,
brand new personal new clients.
Going off to negotiate, you won't end,
the acquaintance says.
You need to set up this client.
So is that yours?
But but are you setting up as a client
first, or do you need? Is it a separate?
That's just setting it up a client.
Maybe in three-year we go off and then.
There's other activity that you know you
do later for rates or sort of growing the
story do are you setting up the new
client associated with matter and then
rates, OK.
Some of your activity might be the query
that you have to set up the client first.
It's one of your, so you've got.
Let's see if you've got a client and the
client.
The number is 123.
There may be no matters at that point in
time,
but when when the partner vendors work
under that client number,
then that's when a matter will be opened
and it'll be matter number 8123.
Under client number 123 is to be most
linked to that and so that you could get
that as stages. So you can. OK.
So I think that's probably what this bit
was managing that client.
So you could get the request, yes, yes,
we're promoting now that they come
through now path into your.
Yeah.
And then it will be this new clients, yes.
And you understand the check box that you
need,
you know instead of this e-mail that you
get that's we need this new client from
yesterday, the following result,
but it could be that we constructed a
form that is the name you know the
mandatory things that you need in order
to do it.
Yeah.
So I'm going to actually just take it
back there.
So the new client is set up by compliance,
OK, right.
So we don't actually set up a new client
and we don't actually do any cheques for
a new client, but we need to.
And we will add rates and they're asked
to.
So they're actually setting up all the
client in regards to compliance and
cheques and everything.
We we don't do any cheques, OK, yeah.
So we don't do that.
We only at that point adding we only add
rates.
Or we may add who the peer is or which is
almost the same as the matter,
or we may add the the billing address
stuff like that,
or we may be asked to do that,
but the setting up over is all to do with
compliance and conflicts we only.
Amends seating. Self required.
So you're only amending OK,
so is that is that sort of right place
that billing address and you're sort of
challenging that you know the PS on the?
I'm just changing why compliance go to
the address chain, you know,
as their service. It should be done.
It should be done.
But then that later date there may be a
change. So that's when we do.
So we don't actually set up the client.
The only thing we would set up within the
client is adding the rates.
OK. That's. Yeah, we would do that.
Or at the point of you getting the rates,
you see that there's a address change
need or whatever it might be.
So the queries that you may get is I
think I've seen your process is sorry.
With that address and some of those
details associated with that clients that
that's usually the maximum facility
spectacle.
And if you've got the client that you got
a client level,
generally the team are dealing with the
matter which is linked to the client.
They'll change addresses for for client,
but the majority of our work is to do
with.
And the matter? Yeah.
So I'm even wondering. I mean,
I'm sort of wondering all these processes
whether there was even a managed clients
process, because they're all to do.
I mean,
as you see the next ones that come
through also you do breaks the matter.
Yeah.
So I'm even wondering whether we even
face a new conversation with this
compliance and doing it.
Whether the queries of changes based on
client level even come to someone?
I mean if I just click through soon the
first one is what the notification and
that's probably massimated I should
probably change that to the matter.
Right launch clients, right?
Not necessarily.
So what notification basically is when
they hit a selling and billing point,
so they've reached so then we have a
budget for that client.
So the budget might be.
A million so,
and it might be that we want to know at
the 800,000 point.
So when that starts hitting the partner
or whether it's on the client will then
start receiving notifications that
they're getting the other budget.
So that should be client or matter before
and that probably from whip next week is
the trigger that maybe then that needs to
come in as well.
So I think we're doing a whip and credit
control next week is that the trigger
that they're monitoring?
That matter being all those that are now
being hits, they they would monitor,
but I just wanted to check who triggers a
notification, not us.
So that should be very. Yeah, yeah. No,
no, we will.
If somebody wants a notification,
we can add that into the matter. Yeah.
And.
It seems more administrative part you are
doing,
but the actual calculation of the way
it's the 100 and a million that will be
done by the web team and that's in
impacts or where where is,
it's in speeding really.
You're saying that it's at that point the
notification was triggered.
That's being we can add a notification of
the notification that's outside of
service now. This is that.
That's in three,
but it is a we may get a request to stop
the notification, OK or add notification.
You get those requests or you're creating
those requests. We get their requests.
Usually the PE is on behalf of the. Yeah.
So if there's it's generally on a matter
to be fair,
where there is a budget has been set up
and then we've got notifications and
generally they're fed up with a
notification.
And then he asked us to take them off.
Yeah, but then what? Because because then?
Monitoring it? Yes, yes.
Until they need that notification will
bind up. What? They're not monitoring it.
So that loop notification is a query into
you.
I'm just asking you a question on that.
Sorry, Geraldine,
and that's notifications at client label
and matter label,
you might be asked to switch on and off,
right?
The claim is that you get all that.
Or turning on, yes,
it would be any other people that may
trigger them.
So it could be maybe it could be the
partner,
but generally leading with PPE generally
or would need yeah for this one probably
just P music partners.
New pay, new payer. Yeah. And so, yeah,
basically what it says.
So we will be requested to add a new peer
for that matter and and.
The request that actually requested
through 3D at the moment,
so that will pop up in 3D for the team
they go in,
they do something and send to compliance
and approval and then once compliance has
approved again it comes through well
actually that that part comes through
share will at the moment.
And then the team will go in and do what
they need to do and see to conclude the
task.
So that's that was a task that you would
need to still have. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
It comes in from that. Yeah.
It comes from compliance. Yeah. OK.
And the two of mine,
so and I know that we're talking probably
at a global level here.
Is there any localization difference?
So in the area in the can I just go back,
yeah, sorry,
the piece should go into 3E and do the
request you will sometimes get requests
from the PE.
And through share will. Yeah.
So you may get a request to,
you know to attach it,
then they're going to three do what they
need to do,
send for approval to compliance and in
compliance then do the second part where
that also comes to share will.
So you've either got.
Adds peer or you've got a peer approved.
The peer approved is strong compliance,
OK, but ad payer,
there's three approvals to have to be
done. Yes, have to be done. Yeah,
but that's,
but that's in place that they do that on
the client side, yes.
And then when that receives,
when you receive it,
you then check that you've got approval.
Do you? Then what do you do next?
Then what's the sort of cheques in place
so we won't receive the request from
three? So different applications,
that's how it should happen.
Or the PE may come to us and that they
should be doing.
In three E what we do in three E actually
generates and we click on generate and it
sends a compliance request to compliance
to then do their cheques and then when
they confirm that's approved and then
comes back and to share well to see
approved. So we know it's all approved,
they've done everything.
And then we'll just go and attach the new
peer to the matter.
Let's go back once you go into 3 E.
Is that right? Yes. And then that's it.
So I'm thinking prior to that in sense
now you'll have a task in order to do
this work, I mean potentially, yeah.
So potentially you will,
you shouldn't do potentially what should
happen is.
The PE should go to three EE and then
request for a new peer.
That's how it should happen, right?
But they still come to us and ask us to
do it. Yeah.
And then we have to go back and see.
You have to. I'm wondering. Joan,
team and Ruth, whether that's a.
Educational change is. Yeah, that's like,
that's a roles and responsibility on them.
That's actually, I can ask somebody. Yeah,
sometimes prepare just to do it.
But they're asking you to do what?
Something. Yeah. Yeah, that is. That's.
What should happen?
There should be something there to say
you need to do SPF three, yeah?
I.
Stage gates touches.
Sorry anybody touches their rate.
What I've seen in other legal firms and
professional services.
There is some sort of even if it's a one
hour e-learning module or half a day
training course on how you manage rates,
how you manage.
Feeling like so that people don't input a
rubbish **** terrain or there's, I think,
the people I think we're watching in the
PE tab.
I'm assuming they have some sort of
shipping,
but there is there is on the billing side,
which we are also going to be refreshing
by the end of this year as well.
That includes rates.
I don't know,
but we would include anyways.
I mean if it is, even if it is there,
we would be improving that piece.
So and sorry I I I I don't think so.
The I think P ES involvement is more of a
messenger over here and I think they
they're not gonna be agreeing or
disagreeing or anything.
I think they will just pass on the
information.
I think that's the piece you know they
have to cover.
I've had meetings with P ES before like
general meetings and actually about this
and explains how it should be all of them,
but I've done groups before and there has
been some of them that that are not sure,
so I don't know if there's a gap there in
mind.
I'll do it. This is something to consider,
and we'll make a note.
But for consistency and to save the
one-on-one or side conversations,
it may be worth you have no definitely
make a note because we are actually
actively working on the refresher modules
for these training.
So anybody like the current PES and also
the new PE joiner,
so that would help us to add that, yeah.
And and you will see today and tomorrow
you will see this kind of comments and
statements from us because a lot of
responsibilities are mixed up between the
two groups.
So Rama billing and the B groups.
Yes. So I mean that's ideal,
but presumably there are the ones that
time constraints on them,
whatever it might be they or not sure.
So they would like that reassurance to
get better. That could be a change.
But and again in service no,
it captures obviously the requester
consistent piece you can be.
The same PE Democrat has been the same
thing,
and I'm sort of mulling it in my head all
week about these things.
I don't know if it's, you know,
parking lot,
but they're incorporating into
professional development plans. You know,
we do etcetera that they incentivize that.
OK, I'm being reviewed on this as well.
It formalises it and the other thing we
can do is I generally find people are
quite competitive and they feel inside,
so having the dashboard maybe not calling
out particular PDS,
but if they put part particular
opportunism teams. If you're like,
I don't know.
The transaction team are always like 95%,
but this team is 65%.
It kind of generally drives like better
hygiene across everyone.
It's so publicly displayed and also we
have regular meetings with me.
We don't really see.
Then what you're saying, Ruth?
We have exactly something on the E
billing side where you know some of the E
bills which are sitting with the PES.
They are highlighted on an MI and we
shared that MI on a weekly basis.
It's just a case that with Rama we have
not.
I mean we we are not that far in terms of
having those kind of discussions with the
PE.
There are other bigger issues to deal
with them right now and actually the
training is one of them to kind of like
send the training and then see what are
the gaps they have.
And that is why I said in the picnic that
I would be very keen to understand what
OPS are doing at the back of the service
now,
because we would be at the downstream.
But it comes to you.
Hopefully I don't know how many times you
get them and then you would have their
own questions. Thanks.
Now that you need to go and do that.
So I think it's that point sort of
landing with yourself then the cheques
that you have to do. And so it's not,
you know again because doesn't want to be
labour intensive,
but it says I've gone into three years.
And suppose maybe there's three before
pass that we do, for which that's. Yeah,
this stuff. Yes,
we've got the request that most
importantly,
once this requested and client approval,
that has ought to come through to
physically share at least through.
So we're.
Aware that compliance has been through
them,
and then how do you request compliance
approval so that's through sweet needs.
So we generate one we generate that that
was to compliance but then wouldn't
compliance approves that it comes back to
us as a ticket and then we won't do what
we need to do. Yeah.
So I'm thinking about States and.
So typically in the service now to be new
work in progress and close complete in a
very short task,
I'm not suggesting that then losing to
awaiting requests for approval, you know,
yeah,
it could be that that is approval
complete from compliance of the check.
The next one and then it closes complete.
So if you new state,
it's just the fact that you know that
it's that's very bad.
I don't think that would be helpful or
whether you would want something that is
in waiting request for approval thing on
a dashboard.
No more than ageing,
you can just see them that they used to
be worked on. I mean, how? I mean,
it might be that there's such short turn
around that it has it's diluted,
but so we request the approval via 3, yes.
But I'm thinking service now it's a part
of your task. Yeah,
you're still it's it's you're tracking
that task on the dashboard.
And if you haven't heard back,
it's something you can chase.
So how would you track that?
I fix it's a request. Sorry.
I'm just trying to think about logical.
The request is coming from three.
We used to be sending that request to
compliance.
How would that track when you've just
literally on your tasks will be awaiting
you know tickets, not an automatic?
So what is hard scopeable service now
that you're doing, you know,
it's your ability that you're working on
and you can have a check box that says
I've I've requested.
Approval.
So it's effectively just the check,
it's not an integration between the two.
So it's an open ticket that you're
working on and it doesn't come in as a
ticket though, sorry,
I was just going to ask about that.
So how does it currently come in and we
use work in 3E and do that work,
so we've got.
Share well, just now. No,
unless the PE request that which they
shouldn't be doing and that's what we're
going to push back on what it should
happen is they should is in three.
So it's like AQ as when we do AQA cheques,
we also have new peers in there.
It's unless that you can see OK and on so
are you going into 3E on a?
A yearly basis of revenue and it actually
pops up as a notification entry as well.
When there's one that's put a new one.
So we go in there and there's a couple of
bits the team does,
then the clutch and then it was straight
to compliance.
So we don't touch share well at that
point.
Then compliance,
do whatever they do and when they've
approved it,
we then get a ticket and share will to
see compliance approval and then we go
back in three and do what else we need to
do right.
So you have got a case service and share
will for this.
So when did that case service come into
place? So the case service is compliant,
so we'll get compliance.
It's approval and then we've got the
other one when it's a new peer one which
PS option be doing.
But yeah they still they both sometimes
come through and ask. OK,
so that's just a query then from the PE,
so they're just emailing and their query
or the new peer that's why you've got
that category.
So so that sorry,
can I ask a quick question?
That same yes.
So that notification that comes into
Cherwell is,
And if you don't check that beginning,
Scott.
does that come just from EE via an e-mail
address and Cherwell just churns it to a
ticket or how does that actively create
the ticket, do you know?
So I think General didn't connect me.
If I'm wrong, sorry.
You only get an e-mail and when it's
compliance and the compliance team will
send that e-mail to you,
it's not anything that comes
automatically from three E I'm going to
double check with the team.
Just I did say true as well.
The reason they're asking right is
because.
Because if you are sitting in 3E awaiting
notifications and having to manually be
in that all day, but in three all day,
is there any need for an integration?
Do we need to count it in here?
Well, yeah,
we do need to know what's been approved,
the compliance e-mail from their mailbox
though.
Yeah, there's.
That's what you're checking.
I think there's a couple of things on
that. One,
if there's tasks to be done downstream
and these guys want to manage their
workload,
then you would want to know that
something's come in.
So someone takes action so you can track
the duration of the action. You know,
it helps with demand management of your
throughput work for the team.
But I was just.
I I think the interesting thing or the
the key thing would be to make sure that
one I think that that whatever we get in
is easily easily identifiable.
So when it comes into ServiceNow,
one assumes it's going to come into
ServiceNow instead of.
Obviously,
instead of Cherwell 1 assumes when it
Yeah.
comes into ServiceNow,
we want to make sure we've got the right
string of text or we've got the right
information to trigger the appropriate
Yeah.
activities.
Without these guys having to sift through
a great list and try and work out which
ones again and which one,
because we've seen that from a number of
the previous sessions we've had.
Stuff comes in and it's so generic.
The guys almost have to open every
Yeah.
notification to know what it is.
Is that fair?
Yeah,
I'm going to go just double check with
the team in regards to that,
but that's my understanding of that part.
I'm definitely for the approval.
It was three and any ticket council
Gallians and then we'll get requests
which we spoke about pushing back.
I'm just going to double checking.
We've asked it because.
Any notifications or the requesting OK.
Perfect. Yeah.
So which would be generated? Yeah, yeah,
that's good. And then in travel today,
Cool.
Thanks.
so you've got this yourself.
And then how do you process that ticket
today? What I feel you do on that.
And what we actually is involved so that
there will be going to to yeah,
so it's always and the team to work
cheques or check to see.
And if there's a lady peer and they're
the same peer. Yeah.
And if there's a duplicate,
and if there appears a lady there and
just add that peer. If not,
then so it appears everyone catch that
peer. He is not there. We create a new.
OK. So yeah,
we can formalise that checklist that it's
tracked again in service now.
So and then you've got an audit trail and
then it's just closed and then we will
get notifications from that activity.
Yeah, we have. So yeah,
we have to void the share bill at the
moment and.
But also made you need to make sure that
the original request,
because when we receive it from
compliance that will bring the request
name button there.
So we have to reach through e-mail to
bring the actual request to make sure
they do as well or they will start
chasing.
Yes. And so when you get that,
so when it's.
I mean, that's an interesting one.
When it's done from as you said,
the from compliance and three E,
it's tagging that as not alluded to is
getting that string that they requested.
Whoever did that, yeah,
it's part of that string.
So that you're not charming. Yes,
I mean that's the bit that we probably.
I can have a look at so as you've got
that professor information. Otherwise,
who do you notify? I mean,
how do you find that input?
How do you go back in if you just,
you know?
OK.
It is, it is zero.
It is of this one that's already to 70.
Sorry,
can I be cheeky and just ask for the MIC
again on that I missed. Sorry,
I just missed what you were saying then.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thanks Joe.
When you're doing your break time,
your own pad single,
we can switch it off so that you're is
that better? Yeah, that sounds good.
Yeah.
I'm not getting up.
Yeah, a little bit. Thank you.
Oh, no, not now.
Screen that's good.
Try that now that better. It's good.
It sounds good. Can you hear this one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Find your question.
Yeah, that's OK. Should be able to get it.
Yeah. So,
so obviously we've done what we've had to
do. We've requested it to compliance,
then compliance will send us the ticket
via share well seeing approved.
So the team will went in and do what we
need to do.
And then they have to go back to share
will and they have to reply all quite
often the original request was not
included from e-mail like from compliance.
So they've just sent the e-mail to us.
So then you have to Scroll down the
e-mail to be able to make sure that so
when you get that query now it says that
you know.
My question obviously won't be through,
you know, research now,
so you'll have that original request
within the on. No,
because it was because it comes from
three E yeah, it's not coming to.
It's not coming through from Shell well.
So it pops up into 3E.
Tells us that some of these requested NCE
needless bartending to generally
compliance approval,
that there was nothing to do with sharing
that goes to them.
And then when they do their cheques.
They then send us an e-mail that was to
share will and then there's.
So I think that's probably something we
can park probably about that three-year
upgrades.
But I mean if you don't know who the
original request there is,
but that I want to do a lot of efforts.
That's something that we need to.
Is there when they sorry,
when they do the approval and you say
generate an e-mail or send you the e-mail,
is it not that they can just give you the
name of who requested in that e-mail or
is it an automated?
Systemic generated e-mail.
No. So they actually don't know. Actually,
I know that comes from compliance,
you know a champion probably the way it
comes from compliance,
be able to look through and be able to
find manage automated being able then to
find and expressed at the bottom of the
e-mail and willing to search for it.
And that's something we must be noted,
yeah.
OK.
Yeah, because if compliance,
if compliance could give you the
requester information at the point right
at the top before they launch,
That's all, yeah.
then again it's efficient for all the all
of the organisation.
We should be pushing for efficiency right
across the enterprise, right.
Yeah,
I mean that sounds you know inefficient
all the time.
So I know that's not service now,
but three, we can look at,
I know that's something that they're
working on that certainly that request
seems an obvious thing that you in order
for you to notify them.
Yeah. OK.
And at that point then it's complete or
notify some clients improved and then
request has been informed. Yeah.
So at that point with ensuring they will
building results and that's where we went
into the request to make sure the rule
first.
That happens otherwise replace men's
batch cheese.
So we want to make sure that the original
replacement is included now resolved to
the ticket.
That's smart that microphones are not
working. I think that's good.
I think we've already took space.
Probably the easier planning.
Yeah, maybe. Sorry.
Yeah, sorry you can.
So that sounds like a end to end
reasonable straightforward, happy park.
And then we probably touched upon pain
points, what happens when it's?
The boys or things go wrong or there's no
approvals or you have to chase or there's
some errors.
Does that happen or is it tends to be
reasonably straightforward? No,
we will get chasers and so I guess that's
when P may have already done the request
through 3E. Yeah, and.
I've not heard anything,
so we will then get the query. Yes. Yeah,
maybe through share.
Well or you know ServiceNow, whatever.
Get the query and then we have the chief
up compliance to find out where that was,
where that is or we've actually checked
the E 1st to make sure that OK approval
has been sent.
And then if Approval's been sent,
wouldn't chase compliance up.
So some of you know you get over,
you know,
through such you get a query from the PES,
you know as you said,
not that they haven't done themselves.
They're basically saying where that. Yeah.
And then you can you will have it on your
keywords.
Yeah, it's been assigned.
We talk about the signing,
who it goes through linard and then you
will check.
So one that could be checking with
compatible checking with clients and then
the outcome of that and then you go
through that.
Probably route of yeah, you know,
being where approval is and it gets
approved, that's straightforward.
But is there any reason why they come
back and compliance,
they will actually it's been rejected or
they're even through rejection or yeah
and and that's all on hold for any reason
and there's usually quite good at that
point because then compliance.
So go back to the request,
but anyway and they'll tell them it's
been checked since. OK. Yeah.
So they don't come through yourself to
say no. Go. Yes.
But I'm just thinking that that's
interesting. Ticket.
So that you're paying.
So in your check with compliance and then
they don't come back to you,
they go back to the.
Yeah,
it would be in second part of the task
would be attached in the viewer,
but we don't need to do that. It's not,
it's not being approved. Yes.
So I guess we don't.
And I'm just wondering there's an
opportunity that.
Actually, so the request have come.
You've got that in service now that's
it's embraced it through ServiceNow.
You've gone to compliance.
They say that they're they're going to do
it and instead of them informing having
to do that,
it could be that because you're.
Not they've confirmed approval,
but then the P gets the request. Yes.
I mean,
there is obviously there's different
scenarios. You know,
it should be that they do come back and
they tell you know,
so it's not all one straightforward to
come back and tell us or and they go
straight back in the tail so.
There is a probably a little bit of
efficiency in between.
Find some of self that could be done
there but yeah,
so we can either be told it's it's not
approved or they might just they might
actually just go straight to the request
and tell them it's not being approved.
Yeah.
Because I'm thinking that that could just
be not.
Noted that you could from your
conversations with you guys,
it could be approved that your questions
updated not approved. Yeah,
obviously gets updated and then reasons
for that could be captured. You know,
I don't know how many combinations there
might be.
There could be a pick list on #1 #2.
I think you can do and then they get
important in that and then you've got
these metrics that you know why
measurements that have been approved or
rejected account that can then be
insights that can correct.
I've got stream processes here. Thank you.
Interesting,
but I'm I'm guessing I'm guessing we
conclude reports something here the
morning because that's where we have
approved or reject. I'm guessing. Yes.
I'm just thinking of managing task that
you're updating the person that they've
come to you.
Yes,
it's that handshake and then you're just
updating that handshake on that
notification. But as you said,
ideally it's managed outside,
but these are the ones that land with you
are having to manage it and it's giving,
I don't know how many what the volume is
like, they're quite high.
I don't know how many.
OK. Yeah. Wait, there is a lot,
but presumably pushing back that change
you might, yes, maybe reduce that number,
that was still a lot, yes.
But the queries that now we can manage in
that way.
Can I just ask a quick question?
I'm assuming that they get alerts anyway
from three E directly themselves,
so usually no no,
there's nothing that's coming out of
three E to say not to the you need to
approve these to the not that I'm aware
of.
As far as I know it's we getting a layer.
On three E because we're in 3E all the
time,
so we get an alert of what they have been,
a request. We do what we need to do,
then we send that request to compliance.
My assumption is that no,
because the chase, PE chase us.
Or that that's the kind of gap I'm trying
to fill,
because one would assume that the first
thing they should be as they should be
told,
and actually that this needs approval
rather than you being told that this
needs approval and enough to go and chase.
Yeah, always needs approval is absolutely,
yeah. Always needs approval.
We just have to do some but is it like
within.
Countdown.
So it's like T minus so like datas
escalate if it's not approved within X
number of days.
I think the approval needs done.
It gets flagged in VE but Rama needs to
do work before the approval can then go
to compliance.
So you could technically argue that that
could be updated notification wise
through three directly to the PES,
but my question or my concern would be.
The amount of notifications they're
getting when they've got no action to do
on them,
say if we start extending the I think so
or even the because the notification is
not.
It comes via share will,
so the notification of approved becomes
via share will from from us to say it's
complete jobs complete so they can't
receive notifications.
I'm just trying to think it through my
head.
They can't receive notifications because.
Sure to make sense that they should,
but they don't.
They send they they do the request and
three E.
But I didn't get notifications that it's
been sent to compliance,
I'm assuming because they come to us
chasing and I'm guessing they well,
they don't get notification that has been
approved because we do get.
Yeah, there's no type.
There's no timelines.
It's it's on three E we can see when it's
come in and it pops up,
but we generally get done.
But as they came in on the day there,
yeah, I think, you know,
obviously when I was talking to the three
teams and everything else well,
can I dig it out and see how three ES
getting that in the chair wheel because.
Might be something that you we can look
at to simplify it. OK, they don't receive.
I am.
I'm sure about 100% they don't receive
any notification because I think they
have certain limited access in terms of
what they can do.
They're like kind of more of the
initiators and then.
That's that's our kind of like our
responsibility.
But I think it's an interesting point,
Alex,
because I would want to explore that
overall ownership of that workflow,
because I think the problem with us is or
our the issue is that it becomes our
problem as soon as it comes,
as soon as they initiate it.
Yep.
Where is?
I think it is the operations who should
also have at least partial ownership of
the task as well.
So coming to a point like, I mean yes,
if they get a notification or if they
have a dashboard,
I think they are equally responsible to
look at the numbers,
open items with them as well because what
they do.
Do is right.
Now chase us and we chase compliance and
we don't have any response.
But the conclusion which is given to the
partner is that we have been delaying
this.
So I think it's interesting to point to
to mark it down as an joint ownership of
Yeah.
that particular workflow.
Within the service now and and operations
and us should track it together.
Sandy, that's that's a great point, right?
And that's kind of where, yeah,
we run the risk of implementing a process
that is sub optimal at the start kind of
thing because you don't have the clear
accountability or ownership of that the
trigger point and ultimately your team
are sweeping up the failure demand.
Of all the chasing,
all the follow-ups when actually you know
the sort of better constructed process
might actually enable everybody to work
smoother.
Yeah. No. And and that's why, I mean,
I've been polite in saying partial
ownership,
but I think it should be 100% ownership
operations to be honest with you. I, yeah,
because they are the one what exactly the
Yeah, exactly.
They have the accountability and there's
a number of responsible steps.
other one, what triggering it.
So they should be keeping an eye on it a
lot of times I had to rush down the 4th
floor to get the compliance guys or the
risk and control guys to approve it.
Do it as well you know. So yes,
it becomes our responsibility in,
in a way. But yeah, we don't,
we should not be owning that process.
So I think going back to not not on the
process piece but on the service not
piece I think dashboard or the ownership
of the workflow that kind of metric will
help you know.
In between that responsibility and
accountability, you know,
ultimately I think we just need to think
about how we do that when we're building
the roles. Yeah.
And things that's because.
Yeah.
We've lost sound. Lost sound momentarily.
Sorry.
Thank you.
I'm leaving. That better? That better,
that better.
I lost it, Alex.
It dropped just before Alex had finished.
No. Say again.
Yeah, I can hear you.
I couldn't hear Alex.
Oh.
OK. So yeah, it's Mark's point.
We don't want to put a process in.
That's OK, that's good.
Umm.
So that's the new pay that we part and
then do you want to add any notes to that
or is that no no.
But I suppose I mean this conversation
because but I think normally touching up
on assignment groups is that.
For those that they land in the two
different teams,
you have those and there's probably a
third that we'll go through all day. Yeah,
I know that. You're just notes,
whether that's UK and Oz representation.
So does it get inside all that that
proves new peer processes?
The same global yes, yes.
So can it land well? If it is the same,
we presented those three assignment
groups and actually paid by them.
It's not like, Oh my gosh,
because it was this only they can do it
or should it land land with the Rama
global assignment group I mean.
And it applies to all,
and whoever's working on it's an
assignment for themselves. Yeah,
it's one of those, like, yeah.
Anybody can. That's anybody can do it.
Yes. Yeah. It's one of the.
When you get a new joiner and it's one of
the first tasks that the tour.
So anybody in any location can do it? Yes.
Yeah, at any level in,
in education not assigned.
So if it's a particular VIP client,
it's other than those skill matrix
associated with it. It's not when it's in,
it's assigned and you can see that.
If if it has been all eager in the
morning, you can assign,
there might be 10 say or something.
You could just assign them one each or do,
but it can also be reassigned.
It's not set in stone that reassignment
can happen, yes. Yeah.
And even the person that's been assigned
it.
I think sometimes you want to prevent
that,
but in a team it could be actually can I
reassign it to someone else?
As long as that person is not constantly
reassigning their work and they end up
with no tickets.
But you can monitor that traffic if it's
assigned or reassigned all those
directions.
Yeah,
it's been certainly a rather global
assignment.
Briefly in the corporate and is that a
general theme as we go through things or
we can get into rates and matter that
might be, yeah, that's double basically.
OK. OK, that's good.
So anything else from the managing
replies, I think we had,
I mean there's new PR,
new player then I mean maybe rate query
probably comes under our managing rates.
So we can maybe just change the new
player.
Manage rates and trades building the
whole science topic it in itself.
Great. Sorry. She should be so yeah,
that would be great.
And then and then rates,
that's a panel agreement now.
Is that done it fine.
They've always got done at rates managing
rates.
If you capture that as the story under
rates that probably I think it would.
There will be rates. Yeah. OK.
Maybe just maybe that is the client's
queries that you handled or is there
anything else that comes on right?
So we've discussed from you,
but there's something up there.
New parents? Which one? Sorry.
The audience. Yeah.
I thought I've seen all parents client
updates, you know? Yeah. So that would be.
So you have bought.
And forget about matters and you get
clients like the high level.
And who then may be linked what we call
an ultimate client or a.
So you have subsidiary of parents. Yes,
associate of several clients under a peep.
Yeah, basically.
And they could be written incorrectly or
the partner feels that they're written
incorrectly and it has to be changed.
But before it gets changed,
our data management team would need to do
the relevant cheques to say yes,
it's OK to change that hierarchy.
And if they do that, then we can.
Is that not your responsibility of a
subsidiary to parent responsibility?
Is that compliance again or no,
it's not compliance.
It would be data managing myself.
So they they want a change.
So they request a change.
We would then,
if it hasn't touched the vast data
management team,
we would then ask data management to do
the relevant cheques to see that that we
can change just like compliance with the
data management team.
So they do their cheques.
Or alternatively data management,
the request went to them originally.
They've already done their cheques and
they will send the request through and
ask us to update.
And how did that come about?
Is that did that come about by a trigger
initially from a race and matter issue?
No, it's generally well, it's.
It's generally to do with reporting,
to be honest.
So when the partner is one step reports
and they may be missing some clients in
that report,
they feel that that client number should
be in there or.
Or they feel that there's a client number
in there that shouldn't be in there. Yes,
it's.
I'm just thinking this is one of those
reactive.
Yeah, no,
it is generally more to do with important
purposes. Yeah.
So it's figures that were important sort
of picked up and reporting.
I wonder how it could be corrected
upstream,
but I mean probably the question was why
was it, why were they incorrectly rooted?
That's probably again love years. And so,
I mean,
I'm maybe I'll pose the question now is
why they would.
Incorrectly rooted anyway in the first
person that may not be,
it's not something that our team would do
so at that sits with the management.
So when it's first created date
management,
do their cheques and there is various
reasons I'm sure data manager went.
There's various reasons why it's rooted
at that time.
In addition, some days for work next week.
Yeah, we do. Yeah,
we can pick that up again and go,
actually not screen. In addition,
even when data management do their
cheques, they will look and see actually,
no, that shouldn't.
The partner can still override that for
important.
And even though it's considered complete
and correct at the time.
We sent an amendment to it. Yes,
for whatever reason. Yeah.
So that we can't just wouldn't do that.
We need to. OK.
That query comes into you from you would
raise it's data management can raise it.
It's management.
More to ask is to to make the changes. OK.
Because they've already done that.
But we could also get a request from
you're a partner.
Not often.
It's usually from data management,
but we can't get requests from there,
but we wouldn't change that until we
checked with data management so.
So if you look at the as is the partner
and then it tells the PU yeah,
and the P on behalf of the partners
health data management and data
management tells you so there's an
opportunity.
See that?
Actually they do chips or the PE could
raise a query directly, you know,
because they've wanted data.
But there are a few lots doing the work.
Yeah.
And I think the question just come from
data management.
Yeah,
because they need to do their cheques.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
So they they do the check,
but you do the change,
they they do some changes and on a
different application.
But then within 3 E,
the team does changes. OK,
so you need the request that says
amendment to the parent clients.
Are you OK?
OK,
so it could come in your query means
service and then you've got the requestor
for on behalf of your partner on behalf
of and then what you do then you go in
three E same thing we're going to do.
And then the changes in three east and
then back to the ticket to see this has
been updated.
And then just resource OK then and that's
there's no push back on that once you
have received that that's assumed as
approval from assumed approval from the
partner,
you don't need to get another set of
approval.
And then you go through and maybe also
it's now that could be formalised that we
changed you know capturing those changes
within those way past work notes maybe.
I mean I don't want to give the over
family,
I think the management should be doing
all of that.
Management,
I don't see why they can't do the the
whole process,
so maybe that's something we can.
That's a process that doesn't get that
comes out of Wellness in queue. Yeah.
And we'll discuss it with a for next week.
Yeah, it's more responsible.
Is it?
Sure. OK.
Because they're presumably having to.
Yeah, finalise. It's it it.
It started initiated problems,
but they could own the whole post with
that. And how much? Yeah,
conversations with.
And they're accepting about some of these.
I think it's just their responsibilities
to yeah,
as it's just been traditionally that it's,
I think, you know, we because.
That team used to sit with Geraldine as
well until last year, so oh, OK. Oh,
I see that sits with an ask as well.
So we can definitely put it in the
service. Kind of. OK. Yeah, that's good.
OK. So we part that forward. Yep. OK,
so that one.
Yeah,
and the PR and the pale query rate will
cover new master rates.
So I can just change that. Sorry,
this one as well.
Umm.
Two rights.
So we've got nothing here that's probably
on the matter of our management actually.
Yeah, I think everybody's advice and yeah,
all matter actually, yeah.
Some manage matter that. Yeah,
and manage that's that's great. Oh,
that'll be right. Chair. We've got one.
Great. Thank you.
Refresh on client,
just make sure we've covered everything
as well. Yep.
I got that question.
Sorry I don't look weird.
I give you a mic. Is that right? Sorry.
It's just I was questioning whether you
guys create a client interview manually.
If it's unavailable in NBI.
Nicely we do,
but I have been the team for a year and a
bit and we've never done it,
but it's in our processes. Yes, yeah.
Does it need to? Yeah. Doesn't need to be.
I'm just questioning if it's.
Well, I don't.
I'm assuming it's there for the reason
I've seen the process in the process maps.
We've never done it since I've been in
the team,
but I'm aware that we may have to do it
at one point and it would have to be a
request. Well, if you heard.
Talk and seek.
That thing came up right and you were to
create that request.
How would it come into the team?
I'm assuming it would just be like a
request from compliance, right?
So just an e-mail. And yeah,
saying can you create this client? Yeah.
I'd like to be part of a general query
form rather than official.
Does it sit with any with nails?
Is it is that like a stand alone
Geraldine like they all right to come
under manage client aspect? Yeah,
it still be part of that?
Could it be like so for example if we
create a form for a managed client
request then there's certain.
Information that we put on that,
could it be an optional being a bit
created or would you not want to open
that?
Can I look into that a little bit more?
I I don't want to give an answer that I
don't know the answer to. To the list,
I'd have to look at the process and see
how that comes just because I've never
had had one.
Yeah, yeah.
But still we potentially manage patterns
of those.
A few of them. I've never seen one.
I've never seen one.
OK. Thank you.
OK. Should we go to manage person? Yeah,
I think it's a whole 20.
Half your processes,
but some of it's already covered. Yeah,
exactly.
So some of it is covered and I think that
the beauty of it. I mean, there's lots.
You read through them, you think is that?
Is that a, you know,
slight subtlety of that one that's like
subtlety.
And I haven't again trivialised it
because I think it's a whole slide for
yourself. Yeah, key for.
Yeah,
you know the the rights rates that's been
implied, billed for, etcetera.
So I don't know whether there is a happy
path that we spell that's just starting a
lot more. Yeah. Yeah, I'm quite happy.
So what notification is exactly the same
process as the client one.
And except to do that matter level, OK,
so it's that same thing. It's threshold.
But there's a budget in there and they
are either asking us,
they want to receive notifications that
is hitting,
it's getting their weekly notifications
or they're not paid up with them and they
want them all. Yes.
Yeah. OK, that's easy. OK,
good matter link.
So the is a matter already existing
matter number 123 and the one another
matter that's been created.
2344 lines. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And they want them linked.
But the one of them will be a primary
matter. One will be a secondary matter.
And the so you you go in and you link
them.
And then the on the primary,
that's there'll be the building part of
it. But we do all that in three years.
So the Canary matter,
there'll be the one that's built for both
of them and the secondary matter wouldn't
be built.
So it's just stuff we do in the
background within three,
but we're linking them, so I repressed.
Come through.
Can you link this matter so we do what we
need to do in three East and we also
check currency and grades. OK.
So then just my own understanding.
So you would have,
you know a client's matter.
You know,
honestly and these are your per diem or
per hour or whether I think the better
deems or are they hourly rates? Yeah,
hourly or yeah.
So hourly for the different hierarchies
of roles.
And you're saying that your prime always
assume if there's one that's your primary
and then all your billable.
So you're primarily always available,
is that correct? Yes, yes.
So you could see your matter what?
No matter two matter one is going to get
built or both matters matter.
Two is never going to get built.
Anything that's any work,
it's done in Matter 2 will be built to.
And so just tell me why matter 2.
Is that because there's the
differentiation?
Or it's just that it is a separate.
It's different. Yeah, it's just the one,
the one that links for some reason.
And the client is just once bundle for
both my and. That's what. Yeah.
So we just we link them.
It means one bills.
There's one bill for their the secondary
matter won't get billed,
and we just check do like cheques because
one of the matters, maybe U.S. dollars,
one, maybe EUR.
So we need to make them aware of that.
And then generally they'll come back and
ask us to change the currency as well or
we'll see.
We've got local rates than that one.
And you've got international.
In that one or what works.
So we just saw that aligned with.
So the base work you know we triggered
that to you MPs,
sorry I was just going to ask so see
those kind of things the anomalies or
different things that you need to look at,
can any of that be standardised up front
so that you can provide that information?
Information.
Or is it not until you go in and look at
each matter that you know what it may be?
Is it quite dynamic? Yeah.
You have to look into the matter because
quite often they don't know that one
matters pounds and the other matters
rules. So you have to do,
I think if there's any way we can cut
down the you have to do it through the
cheques in three.
You make them aware of that.
That's what it is. Yeah. You know,
the link is that they want to link.
Something would say I want to link,
and that's in the request of the partner,
whoever.
And that part standardising is that we're
linking it and we always do 100%.
And the bill will go to the primary
matter and then change it to 0% for the
2nd.
So that's then that's that's just what
happens.
But when we just go back and tell them,
do you know that one's pound,
that one's EUR or three ease capability?
Is it always? I mean,
I don't think you have a third or fourth
maybe or you might be linking 1 to.
Is it something maybe three?
Is it always the case that if there is a
second match it always leads to number
one or no?
That is just a request that you're doing?
I'm just, I'm just.
Tell us they'll just say can you link
that matter to that matter and that that
matter number should be the primary? OK,
doesn't matter when they were set up,
they'll they'll just tell us which one
has to be the primary matter. OK,
basically. So they.
Umm.
It's like a question service.
Now as you said, it could be that they're,
you know request the link.
It's not that they can do obviously these
no,
they can't do that and then it comes into
you and they'll say it's you know all
we'll say.
Which clients? And that's a wonderful.
It's literally you can be like this
master number to that,
but the information we do need is which
they often forget is which one's the
primary exactly.
It's significant from reading questions.
Yeah. And, you know, education.
And at that pace.
That they've got them the right way round.
Just that quickly.
See that when you create the matter and
then tap at the original point,
is there a create?
Is there a point at that really can link
them and see this is a sub point or is it
just quite often when it comes to billing
you do the like, yeah.
No, we'd have to do the one later on,
because quite often they've not been set
up at the same time anyway,
so the original one is generally the one
that would want primary general. I'm just,
but obviously we need to open a new
matter. I just want to defend.
Tab has the ability to say this is.
A sub of a previous one.
I don't know. I'll.
I'll take it as a question to I don't.
I mean, obviously when they're,
I don't know, I think not.
I think we just set up the matter as is
and then when it gets to three,
you've got the availability to change it
primary, secondary.
OK. Yeah, OK. I've got that actually. OK,
so you get the query. Yeah,
coming into link.
So do they need pre approval to request
that or is that no,
we just at the request that we assume
that's.
So we can give them some leaving quick.
Sorry. So just quick one,
do they ever want to reverse that so you
can unlink?
Essentially, we could.
I'm not aware of it ever happening,
but potentially we could and we can do it.
It's not. Yeah,
it's literally just reversing what you're
doing.
Yeah, you don't get don't tend to,
but it could be a request. Yeah. OK.
So it, as you said,
leaving questions that you're linking,
it's one to primary or one to the
information we've been really interested
is obviously we need both matter numbers
and we need which one's the primary.
That's what we'd like to have offering,
OK. And the massive numbers, you know,
instead of them putting TVC,
we could there could be some logic.
I mean, have a good people of all that.
Yeah, there is a format.
So it's usually 4 numbers, then 3,
then three. But they know that but yeah.
I'm just saying that instead of the
writing TBC on the form you're capturing,
that's, you know, it's a sort of a yeah,
it's much information to make your life
of the admin so they can enter that on
the form with some validations on these
four numbers, linking it once too.
And then it lands with yourself.
And then again we link it to what we need
to do and then just go back. See,
that's OK any reason why you might not do
it or no, no, it's not just.
And when you go in to find things that
actually.
That number doesn't exist,
that there wasn't a second matter.
There isn't all tally. It's pretty good.
Yes, I've already checked. Have they?
I mean, that could be a question.
Have you checked that? They're both? Yeah,
they're active, for example,
or I've never came across.
If it's always simple. Yes, you know the.
Should provide which one's the primary.
We do a bit.
Then we just go back and let them know if
there's any differences.
We can we see in regards to currency
rates, OK.
So you could capture on that form that
you're in service now,
but there was a difference in currency
and do you correct that then no,
since I might not want to change, OK.
So yeah,
reports there was difference in
currencies and then captured either one
here. Any other differences?
The rates might be different as well and
due terms of rates,
again they might not want it.
So we were just letting them know because
obviously followed down the line with the
company bill and they might go what's
happening here. So it's just as seen.
We've linked it, however,
just to make you aware,
this one's EUR that one's pounds.
This one's got the streets,
and this one's got bad streets.
So part of your notes,
because when you close complete,
the notification can go back to them with
the work notes of just a big, you know.
All your information? Yeah, that. Yeah,
that could be in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it could be current. Some rates,
as you said. Yeah.
But you you just you don't put it on hold
and inform them and then do the change.
It's just the we just link it because
they will definitely want it linked.
Yeah and OK.
But they need come back and want to
change.
The currency of rates,
but the you won't want it not linked. OK,
we're good. So what's work notes? Yeah,
even if what's our currencies match and
rates match or don't match? Yeah, exactly.
And then you check what the notification
could be such that makes it a polite,
you know.
Please note the following.
These and these few things change.
Maybe we can get some of the check box
from your list that potential things you
can formalise that on the form. Yeah,
if that's helpful. Yeah. Geraldine,
have you,
have you seen the interface service now
with the work notes?
The employee and the operation side.
I've seen the game. Was it? Oh, OK,
that's that's OK. Yeah,
I'll show you later if you want to have a
closer look.
OK, that's good.
It was, yeah. Maybe unlink. Same with us.
So it could be so if they ask it to be on
the link again. So where we work,
we don't really want to know about the
work that we do in 3D,
which you should have said.
So we have to change it back to not
primary,
not secondary and then change that they
both get billed separately.
So it would be 100% and 100% on each
matter. So same thing. OK, yeah.
So if you capture,
so you capture it could be when you're
linking them, it's always a hundred,
100 or 101. So when when we link them,
the primary one will be billed 100% for
both matters. So we have to change.
That's always the case, yes.
And then we change.
Secondary to 0, so they can't get bills.
So if we were to unlink it,
it would be 100 and 100. Yes. Yeah. OK,
you should say John. Hundred. Yeah. OK,
so it makes sense. Meeting's good,
I think. Can't imagine there's any other.
No scenario. Yeah.
Could you drop the play? Double public?
Could you unlink?
And only Bill on one.
But once they're both there,
they're both billable.
Assumably if you if you unlink,
that's the point of linking them is one
bill. So if you,
if you unlinked and still had the second
choose.
They're not going to get built. OK,
so that is a check that needs to be
happening. Yeah. I mean, that's a three.
Yeah. That's obviously, yeah. Yeah.
OK, that's good.
Update matter partner update matter
partner. I know we're going line by line,
but actually do you want is that easier
if you do, that's fine.
There's a few states of the referrals
volume discounts is offering. No, no,
that's fine. So update matter,
I'll just bring it to that one next
update matter partner.
Yeah. Update massive partner or Fiona, so?
And ideally what we'd like to see in the
request is.
That they've advised us that it's been
approved and and the advisors of the
dates effective date that they want that
change and that is a constant issue for
the team where you say can you change
this partner? Yes. No,
that's my partner they'll say.
Can you change this matter partner to
that matter?
Partner on that matter number and they
don't tell us that it's been approved by
the other matter partner.
Can I just update master part?
I mean it's literally the partner
associated with that matter.
So on on the matter,
you'll have basically a like boxing
matter partner, so.
Our partner is getting paid for having
that matter have that.
So we can't just go and change it because
overall way and and they're responsible
for that matter.
But for some reason we're quite often we
get lots of these requests,
there will be a request that comes
through to change.
The name of the person who's the the
partner who's responsible for that matter,
and who triggers that PE,
the PE or the new person, or the PE,
or the old person.
It could be either or one of the PS from
terms of partners,
but generally the PE is going to trigger
that. They'll send the request,
but it's basic.
Can you change the order name?
But that's matter from E to B, right?
And but we can't change it without
approval from partner.
And we're also meeting the effective bit.
So that's quite important to do.
We obviously building and you know that
sort of stuff.
So that's something we have to keep.
Pushing back on and saying initially what
we used to do is we used to ask the
partner or CC the partner in,
but I've changed that process because I
think if the P is telling us we have to
trust them that the that you know that
the partners asked for that so.
What we need really is just for the PE to
say,
change the matter partner and matter
partner.
This has been approved effective date.
That's all we need and I suppose what
you're so.
I'm just trying to think it's you've got
P on either side,
it's long and it could be approval sought
by both partners, which is a net box.
Yeah.
So they they're you're getting them to
officialize that that's done. Yeah.
We just want David to see how has this
been approved.
By both partners. Yes, yes,
that's what we need to know. Yeah,
because you can't proceed without both
those. Well, anyway,
no supporting evidence needs to be no as
much. Just we just need them to tell us.
And then you'll get the form to an
effective date.
And do you get it such that it's always
SV retrospective or it can only be from
it's? It's got to be a good point. Sorry.
It's got to be, I don't know why this is.
It's got to be the first of a month.
It doesn't matter which months.
So if they want to take we're going into
so it could could get it.
Today and it said actually it was
effective from the 1st of October,
that's OK.
So we can do 1st of September 1st, OK,
but it doesn't matter and if it's for the
future,
if they want it for the 1st of November
and it's on health.
If it's in the future, it's for us.
There's less work for us. But within 3 E.
But if it's generally,
we have to take it back.
I'm just saying that retrospective or no,
no,
they just tell it doesn't matter which
they can take it back to any date at all,
but they need to tell us the date. See,
see if we can.
Enforce that pick in the first,
which if we can be a first date, yes,
yeah, you're going to do that so well.
So they say,
and it's probably a good point.
Like they'll put it in on today.
You'll just do it on the 1st of.
We would go back and say, well,
we can only do it from the 1st,
1st of each month,
which months that you need is to put your
support.
That could be an easing in question so
they could circuit comes in today only
like the middle of the month,
15th of October,
do they go to the first of they have soda.
So the first of their number.
That's a good point that we did get that
leading. Yeah. Leading question to. Yeah.
Yeah. OK, that's good.
And then you get it,
it lands with anybody or is there
segregation where? Yeah,
so we get that through and we've got the
approval we've got.
With the we update 3 and then we just.
Well, you could just close any cheques.
Could you just say,
is there anything else you need to check?
No, no, that's it. Once it's done,
this has been completed. OK. Yes.
OK.
And then it's close to complete and then
the PE will be informed it's done. Yeah.
And it could include,
you should say and this is effective,
but in the notification,
this is effective from the 1st of
November,
so that he is very clear back location to
them. So you don't say oh gosh,
what I meant was the first year it's over.
Yeah.
So on the e-mail chair,
we just see this has been completed. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. But it will be coming from.
Is there a few matter of referrals that
would update update referrals?
Yes. So we could have.
Well,
there's certain people who's going to get
the credit for that matter,
so it's usually the partner in one box,
but it could be as a team one we could
have maybe two or three people in there.
And so that's the same thing as we just
still just say to us.
Can you add this person you know?
And that's how many options on the matter
can you have is, I mean,
are all of them fear is there only one
that's apparent the organised multiple.
So for the affairs it's it's who's going
to get a percentage.
Well sorry who's going to get what the.
What we've had had before actually,
which is a good point to show on if we
were going to put that in The thing is to
see that it will be equal.
So sometimes like they'll come through
and they'll say 70% is for this partner
and 30% for that partner.
And we have to go out and say it's 5050.
You know or Step 3, but if it's changed,
so if we do the if we do the change that
100% is changing nought percent,
it's one to 100%.
There's always one person on there.
So they need change that and that's fine.
And again we need approval because that's
affecting people's pockets.
And so we need approval and then you want
to add another person and obviously that
needs approval as well.
But if it's only if it's two people in
there, it's a straight 5050,
it's two people split three ways.
Sometimes we get questions and they think
that they can do it 10% for that person
and 30 for that.
But yeah, and that there's 100%. Yeah,
yeah. OK, so.
But those walls are picked up by
presumably. Yeah. Well, I mean,
as we put them in,
we don't put percentages that does it
itself, but yeah.
But we think that we can. Yeah. Yeah,
yeah. OK.
So you've always got the primary,
then you've got referrals that added add
additional, yes, yeah, OK.
So and the PE will be doing that of that
part of that, yeah, primary partner.
So since then again we need on that at
that one we need approval of the.
Person who's the fairer at the moment?
Because what we're saying is that you're
splitting your profits so you know.
So the other 100% at the moment.
So we need their approval against from
the I'm seeking that yes.
So all we need is has this been approved?
No supporting evidence,
no supporting evidence.
If you want to trust them,
I'm saying that he's happy. Yes,
I'm approval from the just. Well, yeah,
just for the person who's in has this.
Whoever's on there.
So if your name's on there with the CP,
has, you know, has approval been saved,
you know, for yourself? Yeah.
It's going to actually reject.
Yeah, yeah.
Occasionally a partner will say no.
Not very absolutely.
About twice I've seen it. Yeah,
that's not the first time the partners
hearing it, is it at this point? No. No,
it should be. It should be. You know,
that they've said it so.
But very occasionally when we've not seen
it. That's the same.
As it's been approved and then the
partner will come back and say,
Oh my money,
that's that's straightforward. Yeah.
Currency updates again that can be come
from.
PE. Is that correct? Yeah. I'm just sorry.
So update matters. Status wait matter.
When? Since matter of currency update. Oh,
yes, sorry. So we're just. Yeah.
So basically updating the so when the.
Usually the key and when they originally
opened the matter,
they will select the relevant currency,
but sometimes it has to be changed.
So we we will go in and just changing
currency is that because it was chosen in.
Error or that the billing or it's? Yeah,
yeah,
it could be that they've done it in the
error,
the PE or for some reason it has to be
changed because the client wants to be
billed and U.S. dollars or, you know,
there could be various reasons.
That they would have set the batter up
initially with whatever currency,
and then they'll they'll come to us and
ask us to change. But I mean,
if you go back to how they were on
boarded as a client in terms of payments.
And then we set at that point,
aren't they?
Is that's where your what your pays in
how your pay is, how your frequency.
I'm just wondering where it lies with
yourself as the change.
Yeah I guess because the change has got
to be done in 3 E the reasons for change
I'm just.
Assuming it's to do with either an error
or the client wants to be building that
currency and yeah,
you're you're right in what you're saying,
whether it should have been set up
originally. Yeah. Is that something that,
you know, it's sort of like, well,
what compliance cheques are done that I
can suddenly, you know,
maybe the exchange.
Market is such that,
let's say much I no longer want to be
paid. You know, it's great if I'm and you.
You don't want that sort of a reoccurring
event where it's actually stronger to be
paid in yours and it is.
I mean that isn't that something that's
agreed upfront that should be goes
through another initiated process before
you can just request a currency change.
I'm just guess I'm just. Yeah,
I know this is helpful,
but in other legal fans we've seen like.
This is helpful,
but in other legal firms we've seen like
between them and the firms or between
clients,
you have a fixed FF and on both sides at
the 5%.
Because let's say this month the dollar
is stronger,
you don't want to keep like the map of
effort.
So we have a see what changes monsters.
As a fixed monthly,
if you have a variation or you allow for
flux,
therefore you don't have to keep well,
we don't we we don't do that exchange,
we just change literally the current.
Yeah, that's all we do.
But when it comes to the billing part and
within the system.
Each month there is a set, you know? Yeah.
Yeah, extra. It was more the challenges.
Should you be changing?
I think that's probably what I'm
generating.
Is that where it lands or should it even
what would be change it?
Because we usually find that most science.
I mean.
Probably maybe hard to cut.
It's not loads. Yes, as we get them,
I do get them every month.
Usually in your MSA or your standard
agreement, yes,
so maybe five or six times a month maybe
I guess, OK.
It's not loads but it does you know.
Obviously we change it because we've been
totally just on that.
I take it those requests just comes via
e-mail from the PE just to ask if you can
change the currency or the yes or there's
some reason they're expecting it to be a
different currency. So, yeah, yeah. OK,
cool.
Just wanted to add,
I don't know if it is relevant here or
not,
but and see and senior associate has been
as as a standard set up as a GB P to be
built,
but then working on a different matter.
He could have an AUD as well.
So like multiple currency set up in
different matters.
Thanks. OK.
And sorry just there so it could be that
we set up rates at client level through
the engagement letter and it's U.S.
dollars and maybe it's U.S.
dollars and pounds and then for.
And Europe a partner As for appeal say
this is coming through as U.S.
dollars and we'll say this is because we
explain the reason.
But with the there's obviously been some
agreement which we can't obviously argue
about.
We want it in euros and at that point
then we have to manually get into the
matter and do each rate class or whatever.
So when you so the even this is a matter
currency update,
you might also be doing it on the rates
up when you have to because there's rates
associated with it. Yeah.
And there's no EUR at client level,
but the West net market level.
So we'd have to go up the increase as
well. So that's a matter and my very.
Reason that you're doing the currency
change,
you would change the rates at the same
time we would have to, yeah. OK.
So it's not necessary a matter currency
update, it's a matter and rates update,
yeah, it could be both. Yeah,
could be always both. Well,
not always both. You know,
it should be just if we look at client
level and.
So let's just Europe, that is euro rates,
but the matter is the US dollars,
you literally just change it to euros and
you create euro rates will pull through
to the matter. But if at matter level,
you know it's EUR,
but it's pulling through U.S. dollars,
then likely at client level.
There is no EUR, so yes.
So then we have to get what's the actual
EUR for that or is it to the exchange
rate of the Kingdom? Sorry.
Does the Ashurst billing entity change at
the same time as the?
Breathe change.
Hello.
And there's also an education piece on
this part as well actually,
because again as the state of the rates
for the client level with that currency,
sometimes it's not that understanding
that's why and then we start.
Then, well,
you need to tell us what the euro rates
is and we say well, we can have PE,
but that's APE, OK. So education, yeah.
So we don't think we can catch that as in,
yeah, and this is kicking a big thing.
So there's two options there we you know
they have to either.
Let's talk about the exchange rate so
they can do that and they can change it
at billing point and it'll be whatever
the exchange rate is and or quite often
they say, well, no, we want,
we want you to rates and it will be fixed
in the matter. And we'll say no,
the partner has to go and negotiate that
with the client because it's not been
negotiated.
Appreciated. OK, so the push back, yes,
one again, but they're not aware of that.
That's clear. Like peace. OK. Yes,
that's not.
That might be. That might be.
It might be an option for knowledge,
Yeah, yeah.
a knowledge article or something like
that to not whether or not they read it,
but at least you can point them back to
it as A-frame of reference as to why.
Yeah. Yeah, it sounds, you know,
you explain it,
but actually when you're probably really
on Royal Charles School or be,
I mean it could be,
I just don't send a request,
but education piece that could be.
So we've got the that made sense that
you're going to receive it from the PE.
You can change it from and you can
capture this EUR dollars dollars and then
it's close,
complete and they can be given that
notification or reason for rejection.
As you said,
an educational piece that they can
receive and you check the reason why the
objective is.
And again,
close complaints still wouldn't be a
problem and reject when we go back and
explain what the reason is and we and
we'd have to explain that we would have
to go and do at the performer and when
they, you know, create a performer,
they'll have to change the currency
themselves and get the effects exchange
rate.
Or if they want particular reason and in
euros they need to supply us,
though we can't make up because there's
not been any negotiated rates or that,
but those could be some options that you
can get maybe is on hold therefore.
Until they do this,
so that's a notification that goes back
and then you can see that that it's been
done. And then phrase complaints. Yeah.
OK. And they tend to be opposed option,
profound performer or.
Yeah, they change. Yes,
they do formulate it and they change the
currency themselves and then they'll get
the exchange rate if they want the actual
currency change.
And it's we don't have the currency rates
for that client.
They have to tell us what the actual.
We is in that kind of so we we can't just
see. Yeah, that's an educational piece,
but it's leading inside the smell that
you've got those options.
And we sent 30 emeralds apart on that, OK.
Volume discounts.
I saw that and I just thought this now.
I mean you could have a quick break or
you could make,
maybe we'll just take a few.
I think we'll have a green if you want to
volume volume, that's all the girls in.
I don't feel that bad.
I think if we're wanting to run through
and try and finish early today,
then I think we take a break and then
we'll do volume biscuits. Yeah. Yeah.
Believe me, you'll need it. I promise.
It's the right thing to do. 10 minutes.
Yeah, 5 past.
Oh, rounding up Mark? Yeah.
Thanks.
Cheers.
See you.
Thank you.
I know that we're doing a few, maybe.
So by it's that.
So if from here we got there's five there
done not mention which one was 10.
Being A50,
we're not quite at halfway point,
but if we could just have a look at the
managed matter one and just have a look
at that initial view. What what's next?
Yeah, so volume, manual update,
matter status.
And I'll just do down and then client
rates issues,
maybe that's manage rates on that one
that's the same,
is it it's a full duplicate,
yeah duplicate manage that's the rate.
So we may have to get.
And we put some properties like that
sudden stuff, address maintenance.
We actually have a long whole load of
like that came on the client that was we
captured that address change as part of
fight matter.
We capture that address maintenance again.
So if you look at,
if you have a look at the blue column,
if we look at if you can sort by,
I can see new matter assurance check and
new matter assurance check.
There's a few check.
There's a few we can group those.
There's another one down below.
They're different over here, though. Yes,
I know.
But we can discuss it as a three like we
did new payer. We did five in one go.
Yeah. Yeah. So if you Scroll down,
I think there's another one. Yeah.
So maybe if we make the screen a bit
smaller, we think on 90% with the move.
So just move it up.
Time.
Yeah, that's great. Yeah.
And that's a great query that manage rate
at the bottom of the actually,
they're both rates pursuing a bit of
money. Those two bottom ones,
that's that's great. That's great.
But we'll also find it all so we've got a
new matter of quality assurance suit.
Again, new measure,
quality assurance number to address
maintenance. That's one,
that's one that would be to go up.
That's address maintenance. Oh,
there's another matter that sure is
checked.
Oh yeah,
patient sessions where the additional
batch of stories as well, it's clear.
So we've probably seen it's like the
first batching as another one.
We'll have to find out. Yeah, but so.
And we so we need to get to that bit
before we need to do matter by 12.
What else? What do we?
How much are we left with after rates and
time?
Amend rates Amendment Insurance check
those quickly. These ones? Yeah.
Because for example. Yeah. Amend and new.
We go up. Are they all? Amend and new.
One's a query amending new makes sense
that makes sense.
I think they're all amended. New. Yeah.
What? Also, they show the back. Yeah,
if you just figure the blue columns,
one's a query and one's amended new.
So we go for it further out.
Query query and that's time cards. Yeah,
so this one's quite simple. Yeah. Yeah.
And time. So we've got. Yeah.
So I think we've got managed time cards
in there but but. But for rates,
it's amended new apart from.
OK, there's that's up. Yeah, well,
it's that's cool. Client.
Is that all of them? Well,
client rate card and then.
I might run down and get a match.
I'm sorry I didn't. Yeah. No, no,
we just like, you know. Well,
the only two yesterday.
All that seems like,
so I think we're trying to understand
that it's team label way more starting
teams,
so that it comes out and that team label.
And they won't be filtered by fabulous.
I'm a cylinder. Would.
So always such bench I would to be right.
There would be stories for everything.
Every two weeks. No, that's right. So.
We just need to remain full of that.
The teams needs to know that it would be
a two week signal.
You have a one week signal of space,
one of this preventable.
How was it 214 and one week?
So this Ben is 2 weeks to what I mean as
there could be an opportunity to rear I
think 2 weeks with a new user,
students community.
I think it is an example,
so we will expect two weeks. No,
that's not what we're seeing.
But what we're seeing is that's how we
build process works, right, so.
Depending on C, building 100 processes,
C50 of them are one has to be right?
That's your.
That's your bunch for refunding.
So so so one out of 150 this will be
something. Yeah I will.
The team will get one week to review at
the very time and within that,
first of all, happy to do as well.
Like for some reason. Yeah. So I'm just.
I'm going for those 50 cases and then the
remaining 50 can be split like this by
exactly. Yeah. OK. I'll make sure. Yeah.
Right.
And it may not be every.
It may not be every two weeks that we get
back,
because if they're really complex one,
we'll say there was other fifty year it
may take six weeks before we've actually
then.
So I have on weekly for example and I
think basically is offering to response
either link but I have.
50 from bullying and 20 from from our for
example, and I become your doctor.
Like basically we all of them on perfect
day.
So I think that makes the team on their
team and who do they say these are from
your stage before it's the challenge we
have is it's just definitely.
Say offering.
But then you've got no say over and I'm
assuming we don't have any awareness to
put on.
We think that's it's difficult with
samples in .7.
The problem is shipped to Kamina,
but I'm the bottleneck rather than that
Sydney's actually so in a point at the
end of when I have paper I was I was
going to say you may go.
Simple.
So that's when we build it. It's not like,
no, it's a good particular.
Then you look at that,
I think that's a good point you're making
what Julian's seen is this is first thing
off, right. So it gave you for stories.
It's to kill something.
I'm not saying that.
I mean,
we're probably actually get in the same
place, but yeah,
it's really a savings for you to really
say not how we're filmed in it,
and that's where you're not sure.
We'll provide like a a set of stories for
you to agree. Once that's review, we OK.
That's a good set for us going to take
away and start to just build it up and
start to look what it looks like.
So we take that into our on a Sprint
which is a two week site and then demo
that function.
Actually, yeah,
that's exactly what I wanted.
It's good to go. So actually, no,
some of those things aren't in the light
for us because of the investors.
Can you change some of the significance?
OK, so thinking unions and get user cases,
right? So.
Think one. You're giving me 50 users?
Yeah, right. I've been up to.
That's where it should be. Yeah.
And now it means that you don't think you
said that batch you did that batch.
You will put it in this version. Yeah.
How long does it take for those fifty
tests to be completed?
So depending on the this.
We'll have to take some people that can
find that accident across the other. Yeah,
let's say let's. Well,
let's say it takes 4.
Some of those stories will be directed in
the first two weeks.
The next set was the next two weeks.
Just put me into so you have an option to
start with you every two weeks.
You've got one month.
And then yeah,
but we'll have every two weeks,
so that it may not be to feel 30. Yeah.
So so you will. So so you will so so so.
So I guess a bit more conflict was you
were and then across all our versions of
all the several approvals and
prioritisation and everything that really
that's the most important,
that sort of foundation still is having
the.
So there's a little bit more complex in
that but.
We'll have a good set functions that you
can start. Yeah, within two weeks.
And then there's next set functions.
So basically you're just you're splitting
as an example,
so you're not going to give 100 stories
you'll give me, but you're also.
And do that. They're. Yeah,
they said probably because say for
example 50 user cases users for these
people to get the test,
but then there might be out of those 50
remaining there might be 10 or 15 which
are in the length with of course the
security. Yeah. Yeah.
So obviously going to see whether it
works.
So that's one of the things and that's
why we will have to go.
These are standard stories, really easy,
simple facts to know know,
but some would be like,
that's just you don't have to worry about
all the others. Some of those. Yes.
But there's a depending story and we
don't want that.
So we're ready to spend that when we in
the major, we'll need something.
I'll give you. But yeah,
I also need to sign off buying some from
other SMB this process as well.
So we just need to kind of build some
that interest season and what we'll do is
we'll say we could, we can mark it.
So that is a dependent story and we'll
have the the breadth of equipment as you
are and get 2SMS with that session.
So then we can do that for free for our
testimony that has been done.
So I think for me from a resource
perspective, we've also been looking at.
That's that's savage, that's why.
Yes, we need to be savings.
All the speeches that you have exams and
we think what feels weak is that there
can be anything, it's Julie say.
I feel I feel the bite in my Charles and
then I think that mine's up here. Oh,
is it? I'll take that.
I.
We can't.
What we can do is we can say so as far as
you don't want to just run the stores
that I asked them to do,
that's no pending story forces springs.
We've got queen. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, it should come.
As I said through 3D, yes,
sometimes we get the request from.
He wants to share. Well, yeah.
But we actually push back. OK, good. Yeah.
OK, that's great.
That's always what it sounds.
I think we just the you have to you have
to everything else to sort of say that we
can push back and write a single that's a
person and it could be that if you put
back some of the new query for any forms.
Yes, OK.
Yeah, that's it. Yeah.
Yeah, that's what.
So at that point it's too late because
it's already been.
So basically mostly short.
What she's looking for is because people
are saying didn't save the question at
the 1st 8:00 PM,
six PM expecting it to be a bit away,
but obviously there's a bit of a delay
you're logging on and then the team log,
the Glasgow team logging on the model.
Recent ones.
To make it to to the customers that when
to expect to reply the problem we've got
right now is what we don't have a
notification turned on for when the
device is submitted,
which ideally we would put you know that
by hours within that, Yep,
it's at the assigned bit which is too
late,
it's already assigned to something that
will likely get picked up.
So I was just wondering like is that
something?
What we could like to do,
like we may have some sort of word,
another and roses to us when they can not
exactly when they can expect that exactly
on the request that think about it in
further detail.
But I just thought I'd mention it because
spoke one.
BFG,
who are managed service at the moment,
but because ask are set up and that way
where we don't have the same notification
on,
they're also reluctant to touch it
because it's attached to incident and
we're only able to use the instant right
now it's causing quite a lot of
advantages,
so we kind of want to avoid that.
We agree we're so we're kind of Part 2
for just now and I thought it's maybe
something we can involve ourselves now.
It could be that on submission you get
this.
You know it comes up and it's been and
there's A and there's all at the time
that they're doing it before it's
submitted, they get this prompt.
I'm just talking about.
It.
Expectation. Yeah,
because there's no submitting
notification point that they get assigned.
So I was just wondering if because.
I'm just thinking I'm going to give you
my notes. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah.
So actually close that.
And our time at 8 O clock in the morning.
So there's no one on to 911-1510 clock St
in the morning. Yes,
that means we'll be requesting through.
And I'm seeing things as well in Glasgow
to close at 5:30,
there is an expectation you could
Singapore.
You've got all the other countries that
expect a response as well.
You know, or they go submits. Yeah,
it could be a pop up.
You know that you get a prompt. Yeah.
And we can talk about the standard
because all queries and particularly one.
Yeah, sometimes that they're informed.
So isn't there isn't an assumption.
I've done it.
Yeah, and you've got work in as well,
don't you?
You've got work in the best that just in
the way it was. Send it through tickets.
We're getting through. Yes. Whatever.
So you may not flush that.
Because later there's an assumption that
expectations,
so they're not coming into numerous
chasers, though,
that like I see right now,
we can't really do anything because of
the way that it's set up and.
We'll see what you have on.
That's the images and jumping.
So I think that is across all people's
work and we all have had it all come.
If I do it,
I've got this to do and it's always like
I've thrown the owner of offence.
Can you throw it back yet?
But it's not like you need that.
Yeah,
leading time that you know that when
you're younger and then maybe the next
time is well,
if I gave it to you at 12 or if I gave
you, oh, you know,
if I gave it to the point that I knew,
then it would make like a lot. Yes.
It was basically before I said slipping
it's if you're standing there.
So and you've got a two and you've got a
two delay. We've got anybody from? Yeah,
we can set that. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks.
Pick that up. Thank you.
All the dress drawing discounts.
Everyone on the floor can hear us to that
front, hear us and see us.
Yeah, all good. Yeah, we can hear you.
And manage volume distance. Yeah.
Is it in the same place by that?
Is that the rest of us?
I said don't you've got paid by only
discounts. It's the rest of us. But.
What we have to do is not to.
It's just there's a big education piece
around the volume discounts.
So I'll give you an idea with a volume
discount is kind of touched already is
where our client has hit that.
Yes.
And what they're seeing is when they hit
that threshold,
they want a 5% discount on any bills.
And then we've hit the next threshold,
they want a 10% etcetera or alternatively
they'll need actually one.
There's other ways they can do it.
They need one for the full year.
And then to be reviews and then they want
a rebate.
Basically the rebate could be in the form
of credit or it could be in form of sorry
cash back or editors going forward.
So there's different ways of volume
discount.
A volume discount be a straightforward
percentage discount. Yeah.
And what we just spoke about,
so 10 percent, 20% or alternative over,
just go back over in the pecking date
from now to now. So.
Billing is 500,000, so from this point,
the 120 percent,
10% discount and we put that in awfully
effective date.
And then when we hit next threshold we
want the next 15 percent 20% discount and
we can put that into three.
So that's the agreement upfront that
could be only set up as part of, yeah.
And it sets up that these thresholds that
you would discount. Yeah.
And then what would happen is the in on
the bill where the client would see the
fill rates,
what has been charged and then you'll see
a straightforward whatever percentage.
Off that bill.
So that's one way of doing it and another
way that it's done.
It's a totally bit of rebates,
but it's actual rates.
So we've got one client in particular
where it's the threshold and the one 2%
off off,
Yeah.
but not off the bill they want the rates
reduced.
So then we have to get and reduce every
single rate pass by 2% and then 2.4%.
So if we start because of the highlight
keyboard client,
it could be that at that point I mean you
might not touch that set up by compliant.
Is that So what should happen is?
And so they're on board.
There's a new client or or it's a review.
Yeah, a review. So no reason.
And and this will be a discount and on
and then it should all be in that
engagement later compliance will be no
about it. Yeah. Thanks lindas.
No, they don't know it.
They they just know about it and and
often and then we have queries and that's
what it comes in,
how we come across it is we may be asked
to change the rates and they happen to
attach the engagement letter.
In which case we'll look through it.
You can see it, and that's quite hard,
though,
because it could be 100 pages or
something,
so we could be trying to find avoid
discount there trying to look through it
or what will happen is there's a mess up
the bill and then they suddenly realise
it was not.
Told us anything about volume discount
and then we have to.
So it's not very good how we receive that
information. OK at the moment.
So what I would like to see is when it's
a panel agreement,
when we come to panel agreements.
When the request comes in,
that should be on there.
Is there a volume discount?
There should be some something there and
to make them aware because it's very
difficult for a team member to either
look through an engagement letter if it's
there.
All these pages wrong.
The main is that or often we don't even
get the engagement where they just tell
us the rates anyway. So what's,
as you said,
there's probably an education page,
but I mean also the fact that it does
land review, yes,
we have them often at various levels.
So it could be that you get the few times
that there is a.
I mean difficult, but any level,
would it be it's level or at maximum
level and level?
I would say the majority is client level
and or it could be a bit higher ultimate
clients that could be.
Yeah, they're all client numbers.
They're all together and all the bills
for big client numbers are massed
together.
It could be that and the IT can be a bit
more complex than that.
Sometimes it's just for particular
matters. And in that case,
we need to get asked.
Reporting to help us because.
3 doesn't have that.
Who raises it for you today?
It could be the PE.
It should be the partner.
It could be the global commercial team as
well. Quite,
quite often it could be the senior
account manager. So yeah.
And then no, I'm just saying it.
It could be the. Yeah.
It'll be a client relationship managers.
What business managers who deal with
specific clients.
It could come from anywhere. Yeah.
So you can come in, like, again,
this form could be leaving.
So it could be.
What do you want to change?
Basically,
client matter eight and only what they
choose you. They get this education piece,
so it could be if it's matter the number
that we talked about which is 4 to that
validation and you could then receive.
We can go through that sort of details
what you would like to see or checklist
cover those scenarios and get it leading
and so only it's not something so we can
show a few cheques,
but at least there is a a piece that they
have to input report plans for yourself.
So it's all just going back and forth.
This gets the difficulty we have.
Is not, as I said earlier,
we're not always made aware of them.
So sometimes PE and the partner are
actually tracking that themselves.
So they track their bills when it hits a
certain point,
we will just send an e-mail out and ask
us to add a discount.
We're not aware it's actually a volume.
This doesn't matter how.
And added in,
but we we're just not made aware of it.
So if we get any queries about that,
we will see there's no volume discount.
People just told us we know there's a
discount. Education pieces. Yeah,
it's the fact that they found the error
because the discount wasn't applied or.
But it still comes under. Yeah,
it's it's how these requests point.
This Council is very messy and I can
understand why you can explain the three
teams involved as well and why they're
involved like depths us and us reporting.
So we've got, well,
we're trying to be working with the
client commitments team as well and this
is fairly yeah, this is fairly new, yeah,
so but this is more just to do with
because we're aware there's an issue with
voting discounts.
We're we're trying to capture it from
everywhere client commitments.
These team are more likely to get
engagement letters and more likely to
have more information,
so they are now letting us know the
upstream people that probably know about
it first.
In fact lights eventually they should do.
Yeah, we should do.
And obviously ourselves.
And then the ask reporting team so.
And the reason they are supporting this
thing,
I think I touched on earlier is if it's a
basic you know all the client numbers,
we're hitting this threshold,
then we'll take that off and then we'll
get the discount and that's fine if it's.
It's only these matters or it's only for
a certain type of work.
Then we're only able to manage that.
And then that's what ask reporting would
manage that.
But then they would come to us and say,
can you never apply a discount?
So essentially the landing.
Pace of change still comes back around.
It's actually, yeah, but we've got those.
Hello.
We've got those. Is that mark? Yes.
Yeah. Sorry, just sorry.
I'm just just sort of tracking back.
So this is arguably,
is this not just a single request open to
Yeah.
a broader community and depending on the
parameters of the context of what they
want,
it then routes to either the reporting
task to reporting team or?
To these guys or whatever, you know,
is it if we're looking for the portal and
Right.
I just want to confirm because I may have
missed it that we are,
we're treating this as a request that
folks will go in and raise via employee
centre through to these guys.
Or you know.
Yeah.
So volume discount will land with Rama.
In order to do the works,
but it's our negotiated with doing the
work,
but we're just discussing who knew what
first in order to raise that request.
And yeah, and there's a bit more to that.
So this is just the request at the moment.
So you're right.
So basically it should just be.
We get a request to read aware and it may
just update the CE for for the change.
However,
it's the tracking and the monitoring of
this and has been made aware of it so
reporting team may be tracking some and
then they will ask us to to do this.
The PES or some some?
I think sorry. Forgive me,
this is I think this is the point, right?
Who whoever's interested in will be
tracking it.
If they launched the if they triggered
the request and if we sort of got
everyone to sort of work aligned to
triggering that request.
Mm-hmm.
Then the traceability of it's going
through where it is,
what's happening with the etcetera would
all be part of that request.
It would remove some complexity.
I'm just thinking,
So.
is there an opportunity to go on, Sandeep,
go ahead.
Back.
Yeah.
Can I just suggest we have spent a lot of
time, lot,
lot of weeks and months on this one we
with the help of Jill and Kinga's team,
we have mapped out the entire volume
discount process what we know.
Including the people's involved gaps and
everything,
gap analysis and impact assessment and
everything is done. I don't think so.
It would be ideal for us to solutionize
this because we don't have the solution
right now ourselves,
but essentially the query still lies with
at the end of the day, yes, yeah.
Because the mark,
you're absolutely right the the root
cause is that who is doing what or who
holds that ownership accountability of
that information.
That is very much unclear.
So right now what we know is that OK,
we get a set of clients, we manage it,
we ask reporting gets it,
you know CMD gets it.
All of them.
The good thing is that we have
centralised it.
We have created a place that, OK,
if you are getting a couple of client
changes you make sure you put it over
here in a centralised depository.
So we we we know that it is a part of the
contract as well. But how do we.
Do the end to end communication and and
review. We don't know that.
Then like the other projects,
we have another one for the rates end to
end review to be kicked off early next
year as well.
So I think that project will be taken
care of entire gap analysis you know, OK.
OK.
So in that in that instance that what
Yeah.
whatever we put in place there is a risk
that we might need to rework it as long
as we go in with our eyes open that that
that could be the case.
I I I think mark it will be not not redo
everything but it will be rewiring of
where the channels and communication and
people are involved I think yeah.
And the process if if if service now has
a functionality which will smoothen and
and and in the time being then yes I mean
we will use it and.
I think there will be tweets made. Yeah.
Essentially, probably. What?
OK.
Yeah. All right.
What we've learned that there's a
placeholder that multiple teams can raise
because at the end of the day,
probably what you have learned that your
team.
Am I correct going to be doing the work.
So for for example what I would expect
and correct me if I'm wrong in that three
teams.
Owning the process right now,
how do they communicate on a new new
volume discount?
Because at the minute we're just putting
it on the share upon on on the share
drive,
but each other so bad something comes in.
Or a similar team and I will show to yes
and we show some importancy I use aware
of that so we are we are communicating on
each other until we hear.
So you do know says I'm not.
I'm not going to see you but it's not
good with you as they reporting all the
others don't know at this point but they
are still can you.
It could be that Mark,
probably to your point,
is that things you can have assignment
groups that we know about reporting
clients that are built into.
So when you close complete volume
discount,
the notification is such that all three
gets to be informed at the same time.
There was a volume discount.
Made on so.
It's an FYI and it could be that sort of
fault in that episode that into
institution. Yeah. So for example,
business manager sends us a request that,
oh, this is a volume discount arrangement.
Now from a ServiceNow perspective,
how does that ticket get triggered?
How does it get tracked in terms of what?
Other tasks are, you know, impacted.
What we have to do,
what US reporting have to do and how does
it close like in terms of the changes
made. I think that's where we would be,
yeah looking for.
They're gonna call him that case. It.
Yeah. Yeah.
And so we'll get going discount queries.
So we're basically just looking at it to
see you could get anything.
So so that's one the.
We would need to keep on there,
so a query about from an existing volume
discount and it should be a new state up
as well. So yeah,
I think it comes on the volumes discount
a year,
new new state up really all existed.
That's fine. I think as you said.
You have to apply it. You know? Yeah.
At that level, I think,
I think that that's clear in in that
sense. Yeah, because like, yes,
you know from you guys,
I guess it's just as you know,
clearly a set up. Yeah.
And where there's approval, I mean,
do you have?
So as it comes in by this group,
multiple groups that can trigger it,
so they need to get pre approval.
Is there an assumed approval? No, no.
It's like making requests if if the
requests,
yeah they will just make make the request
basically OK or or is the thing we
discovered through.
Do an engagement letter and then we
actually go back to them and say,
how do you want the self?
Is it a VP or you know,
whatever example that if we are doing
something and we pick up an engagement
letter,
we identify there's a volume discount.
But.
Might not be aware of it,
but the partners might not be aware of it.
I also run a monthly report and the ones
that read the Rama team are tracking.
So as I said,
no different areas of tracking.
So the ones we are tracking through three,
we pull the report once they through 3D
and which helps us to identify which ones
and thresholds and for all the ones that
set the threshold really against each.
Find in three and we update it's just a
fit box.
We update and then we apply the new.
You know the new percentage discount on
the new leads or and whatever it is.
And then we we then go to the quite big
task and once a month we then go to the
partner and we're making aware of the
definition which has been kept.
Just OK. Yeah.
So I think that that's just apparently,
yeah,
first thing piece and that's something
service now can help of capturing the
threshold into,
I mean triggering the notification.
I think that's something you can leverage,
you should raise something internally
that's now. Yeah, I mean,
I mean how often you've that you've found?
And it's so it's very proactive and then
you can update that the threshold and
then inform the partner, yeah,
this is the case. Yeah.
So it is suppose off managed volume
discount raised.
You're applying the change and then you
can open and complete.
And again if you need to inform those 3.
You know very three partners if you think
that should all the three groups that
should they could be built into that
notification and it would also go to the
requester. But interestingly,
you're raising it proactively that you
want to inform.
It could be that you raise a new volume
discount exists, you're not applying.
If you want to do the FYI so you're
tracking them so now maybe that's
interesting that you've informed the
partner and then tasks that were
associated with that,
maybe they say keep remove.
I mean what happened then that sort of
storytelling on that?
So generally if we pick it up and I will
then request a meeting.
And with myself and reporting to and the
partner of the licence charge so that we
cover all the bases, so we know, right,
this is what we need.
This is going to step with reporting.
Who will manage it or accepts us.
So we need to work out who should be
managing it on that could be.
Assigned to because we've got some
reporting assignment groups that can
reassigned or it remains again.
Is that Rama global? Does it tend to be?
Yeah, yeah, OK.
There's only some people in the team that
actually do with volume.
There's cancer at the moment because it's
quite complex at the moment.
So that could be a field matrix that's
also assigned, you know.
And the whole group,
it could be that there was a particular,
you know,
just before review or five of you or if
you however many but so as part of that
action you know that work for the service
now is that request the meeting or it's
in with and then it's either.
Aside,
you're tracking on your dashboards where
the and the life of them or the metrics
of it, and it could be, as you said,
maybe real financial reporting or then
you pick it up and then what tasks and
then obviously it's off your queues
because it's being reassigned and you
could.
If you needed to see to still see the
life cycle of it, you still go in.
You don't lose visibility,
it's just to actually it's not on your
queue of work. Yeah, it's it for yourself.
What tasks are you then doing?
Are you then applying discounts or
adjusting the account?
So if we're if it's a brand new one,
we're going to set it up in 3 E.
OK, to do that,
so we set it up and we make sure all the
notes that are on there and still to
ensure that that will pull through in the
monthly report and treaty for us to do,
OK,
the work back to do the new and then if
it's adjustments you make the adjustments,
yes.
So either at the monthly report time when
we realise official.
It's been hit and do the adjustments or
we make it request you for adjustments
and that that's generally because you're
proactive and then you could have the
root cause on this and then close and
you're notifying yourself because you're
the ones that, I mean,
you're notifying yourself, just remain.
Or internal. Yes, tracker, I think 1.
I just have a manage on the discount.
Next one in Dan. The living room always.
We're currently processing removing that
and by the time these guys come over a
week.
Yeah.
That's good. Great matter, man.
You've got a few there.
Take lots of things update yourself.
It's going on just about. Oh, yeah.
So we're yeah.
So we've got this create Martin manually.
Yeah.
So create Martin manually is obviously if
it's a normal client or whatever it goes
through PS through it on MPI and sat know
that we do all the stuff.
The type of matter that weekly tends to
maybe could be billable,
but then what we call internal matters
and there's lots of different categories.
And to be a knowledge and expertise
matter.
Actually just an internal matter for
projects and and we can they're all
different ones and all the expertise OGC.
But there's a category of them, yeah.
So so there's categories and then when
these matters were created,
I would probably see.
20% of the time in what we called
chargeable, we're not available,
so it means that the fear now who's
working on that will receive the credit
from the nervous that we're not charged
on the client.
There is occasions that we need this cash
value,
accounts and stuff like that that we may
charge account.
I don't think probably doesn't matter to
to yourselves,
but so basically we're we're creating the
matters because they're different from
the normal stream of matters,
but they're still going to report saying
that the fact that it's charge or are you
looking at chargeable time on. Yeah, yeah.
So we'll ask irrelevant questions and and
that could be quite good as well.
Because it wouldn't matter what
information and how do they come into you.
Just a request.
Can you create a matter and then? Hello.
Anybody. It's usually P ES.
Again it could be, yeah.
Knowledge and expertise will send through
and.
And there might be other departments for
all the the make sense and through as
well.
So if we're talking about the system,
we get to have a template of upfront
questions.
And so we've got that information. Yeah,
absolutely. I can just check. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
And then literally we go in and on three
E,
we treat this matter obviously depending
what type of matter it is,
those different fields,
links or clients and no, no, no.
It's normally general, no,
it's just a straightforward matter
numbers, OK, yeah. Sorry. Apologies,
some of them.
And I can be linked to a client number.
They can be a lot that could be part of
the checklist if you want it. No,
I don't think. I think. No, that. Yeah,
it could be part of the information we
require.
So we'll have a list of questions of the
type of matter we want an independent on
that type. We'll ask them.
If we can get the copy of that,
we can go to announce that would be very
helpful. So sorry,
we keep going just I was just going to
ask quickly see when asked people send in
a request to someone's going on clients
to comment yet to create a matter number
is this what it would come under? Yes,
this is so this.
It's the coordinate matter.
So that's one of them as well. Cool.
Thank you. That both under that, that,
that checklist subtypes. Yeah.
And that what's. Yeah. Quite good.
As people actually send a template
through but don't so so.
No, no. I was just going to say so.
We'll create the matter and it'll create
a matter number and then we'll respond
back and we'll say your matter has been
created.
Your matter number is OK and that could
be part of the notification that you call
in. So get the request.
Don't need pre approval. No,
it's not OK on the request.
Sir is always on behalf and it might be
on behalf. It is just the. Yeah,
the information that we do need. Yeah.
And you know there's relevant information,
but it has to be a partner who's
responsible.
We have to put a responsible partner and
we can't just be.
Treated by anybody so that the same
information, OK? Yeah.
But it's actually a point if we can talk
about you and start to think about the
notification banks of the person that
needs to be.
But it could be on behalf of or four.
That's all. All the.
All they needed is being created and your
matter number,
that's that's all they needed. Yeah.
So can we mark this one as as a as an
item as an item,
as a process to review the second process.
Because it's for my involvement.
Billing involvement.
Ask people and also the fees the bees do
manage this economy as well.
Just this morning,
I've kind of like went through the
process review and we want.
We don't want to be.
Ease to do the secondment process any
longer,
so I'm gonna be speaking to the OPS
managers etcetera this week,
but I'll just bring that process the
entire 100% process with an ask.
So I don't know where we want to track
this like as a change control or
something or I'll be good, but.
There's something for me to pick it up so
I don't forget as well. So ask.
People should be involved as usual,
but then billing would be responsible
going forward for all the 2nd invoices.
OK, once I give you,
that's the one that one.
Once I give a green light. Yeah. Yes, yes.
OK. These ones here.
These matters are old and old areas.
Yeah. OK. Yeah. OK.
And then they get notified of their
master number and then it's closed. Yeah,
that's it. OK. Yeah.
Do you know the template that asking for
send over? I need to change that as well.
But it's what I need to change to that as
well. OK, because I'm just going to say,
could we potentially use that as maybe
like the fields for the form?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There is some difference. Yeah,
but at least if it gets as a bit of a
starter for the horn,
then we can tweak it. Yeah. Yeah,
there is differences. Yeah. You know,
I sometimes look the information that you
need and all together.
It's the leaving questions.
And so that and just on that one.
And the Australian guys do their own
because they do other stuff that we just
don't do,
they do the theses and tasks and all
sorts.
But the Glasgow team doesn't do so all
that matter. Yeah.
So for an Australian matter that is more.
Information that needs to be added,
and so the Australian team know how to do
that.
So they tend to do their own and we do
request the level,
could that be globalised?
You're asking with similar questions,
yeah. Yes.
Then potentially based on the location of
that leading.
Requester or it can be chosen and it's
assigned to Australia or the UK and based
on that any subsequent localised health,
a need to complete could be shown.
Other than having two different ones,
I'm just saying that you yeah,
the template could be the same. Yeah.
Missing questions overall just currently
at the moment.
The Rama team in Australia who stuff that
we don't do that we will then pass that
task on to Fensus team at the moment.
It's something that we are.
So it's just obviously OK,
I would not do that team and that's how
it is at the moment.
But so that's something that the.
Llama UK or don't do. Can't stop it. Yeah,
but you passed it on because this just.
Yeah. Yeah.
There's only when that part of that,
it's not always asked for,
but sometimes they ask for it's called
theses and tasks and only Australia do
that. So what still you do that? They've.
They've always done that,
but they've never done it here in Glasgow
it's it's something this task,
that part of it in the UK,
in the UK I'm thinking for work.
So you still it still have to be done,
but rather just don't do it before the
request that it doesn't make any
difference. Yeah, exactly.
So I'm just thinking it's still.
Yeah, the whole entire is a take.
The people amount to it that need to
complete. It's all the time. Yeah.
But in Rama, Australia do it.
And is that a challenge that in Rama UK
could do it or is it it's something we we
possibly could look at.
At the moment when we were talking about
the the closing times and stuff,
so sometimes it's still you send
something through and it's for to create
a new matter and there's tasks and phases
on there. Generally speaking,
Princess won't do it.
So it has to wait until the story guys
open up again and they will open.
But that's that's something discussing
you don't know, Debra, just on that.
Sorry,
I think came the phases and tasks alarm
bells on our friends here around I think
we spoke about that and the E belling one
with Anna.
You know how she mentioned that it's only
Australia that do that.
And she mentioned fences as well,
which are obviously IT is that a
discussion that we had that and I would
be happy for fences just to take it or
some there was some chat and the E
billing one around it's just that drama
If if it's a straight if,
it's a straight task that the I did,
is supposed to be.
did I hear that right that it's an IT
team that needs to take an action?
It's been says you who sit with an IT
year financial assistance.
Yeah,
so So what we'd expect is if they need to
just take that action,
then they would get a downstream task,
fulfil it,
and then you'd get notification that
Umm.
they've done it all.
All part of the same workflow.
Yeah, but for the moment in Australia,
the team gravity will do the pass,
but gravity in Glasgow will send it to
Princess.
That's the most part of the work. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. OK. And what are those?
Just to take that was about entering work.
And what parts are they or what needs to
be done?
What? Yeah,
it might be just the need stuff
categorised.
I don't know much because I've not done.
Obviously you know, but they need,
you know they will need different
categories or different work.
I'm assuming that's something else.
It's done in the background that I'm not,
you know, because we don't do it.
Sir.
I'm not like fully aware of.
Isolation with categories or something
that needs to happen.
The key I think,
I think there were the key thing we need
to do is the receiving team of that task.
We just need to validate what what
Yep.
minimum information they need to be able
to action it and make sure that that's
Yeah.
available in that task.
Yeah.
So it might be the fact that you've got
the category of the pipe. Yeah,
that's coming in. Yes, that update,
just check that the categories or
whatever it is in system exists or any
changes or new alignment of that.
It's probably a kind of it's a validation
cheques and balances of it.
And then.
I mean, to be fair,
I would probably see 90% of internal
matter requests that the Glasgow team
perceive they don't ask for phases and
tasks anyway.
Generally speaking later on they may ask
and request it and then they would ask
Princess or if it comes to us,
we would send it to Princess anyway.
They don't.
What I'm saying is they don't all have
that.
It's not something that has to be when
every single, but that's something,
I mean, probably, mark,
what you're leaving is that that's the
trigger of there's rules of yes.
No required. Yes. No.
And then if I go allocated or it's not.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and and I think the key thing is it when
it when it does need to go there,
as I say,
it sweeps up the pertinent data that they
need to take action.
Yeah.
OK.
That was helpful and then no approval,
so just go to that, mind, no approval,
I mean close and then back to the
requester with that matching number, yeah,
OK, that's good.
Update QA.
Right, update matters status,
so we will get a request to to suspend
the matter or make it no matter that or
close it so.
There are certain ones that will need
approval from compliance,
so if it's straightforward to spend,
we can do that. If it's close,
we would probably go through to
compliance. Sorry,
we would go through to compliance and you
know for approval.
But normally we would just suspend.
Or no matter that so we're just basically
changing it so that no bills can be added
on or for suspending it. OK,
we're on hold or yes. Yeah. You know,
advise here in the investigation or on
hold or suspend or close or cancel. Yeah.
Or it could be closed and then asking it
to be made current in which.
We wouldn't do that either. We would ask,
we'd send that through to compliance team
to approve.
So for certain statuses compliance and to
have approval. Yeah,
I suppose that's the conversation itself,
but nothing really gets closed. Yes,
it's always closed councils. Yeah,
actually probably will it.
On hold, so it's not used,
but it can easily be very accurate here.
That will be a compliance issue.
So they come in and then how do they come
into you?
It's it's it's simple from the mease
again. Yeah, that's a number.
Please suspend.
Please make currently I'm sorry please.
Reopen, please. No, whatever.
We just want to update has changed
depending on what status they want to
change to and we will then if it's we'll
complete the task. If it's,
we don't need approval and just say
that's it done or we will e-mail
compliance and CCN the requester to stay
please.
Approved. So just so they know. Yeah,
we're waiting for approval.
And then once compliance approves,
we will then and finish the task similar
to before,
but you're going to do that once in
approval.
I think that's straightforward on that
one and you don't answer any other data,
OK,
it's that effective date from presumably
that you should not find them anymore.
Yeah, it's automatically the date.
That's when you do it. Yeah,
it's complete new capturing.
Yes.
You don't capture reason for change.
There's no nothing, no nothing like that,
OK.
It's a QQAQA that pops up,
I think actually probably.
I think rates have a lot of that as well.
It's quite similar,
but if I cover the first one,
which is a main one.
So the other matter or the massive UA.
Other matter, QA, QA.
So that's a main current. Yes. So it's.
Yeah, the one that's highlighted just now.
So this is generally speaking this is a
task that's in three-week.
So a bit like the new peers.
So against the E we'll pull that report.
We'll do that several times a day and we
can see a big list of matters that's
waiting to be made current.
We'll philtre that because the only ones
that we can make current are and I'm
telling this reason are kind of in QA.
We will go in to see do the necessarily
cheques that we need to do and then we
make it current and that's fine.
So there's no for that part.
There's it doesn't touch share will at
all. You get no queries to it.
It's an activity we do.
But just what we should happen is that's
what happens.
But then what will happen is.
Because people weren't rushed through,
so they'll then send an e-mail to us and
say, can you make it current?
And that's the change is that,
that they shouldn't be. Well,
it depends because sometimes they just
need it, like,
OK quicker than service level.
So we will get a request.
And that's when we do exactly what we
done earlier. And if we pull the report,
find find matter or we go in to the
matter and we check the matter and we
make it current and the challenges we
probably have here when this is.
That we can only do make it current if
the status is pending QA and often the PE
it's usually PE will request it and it's
other status,
so it could be pending this one which
means it's sitting with compliance
pending rec,
which means there's other information.
Required from actually the person who
opened it.
The key has the ability to look on to the
Ian, check what?
It's the same bit that was saying before.
Yeah, you can have that leading question.
Have you? I mean,
obviously that they're saying yes before
subject. Yeah. But it could be.
I mean,
at that point they've got supporting
evidence that it says that, yeah,
that will get some rid of some of that
noise.
So maybe I'll draw that sort of
educational piece on that, that you don't,
you know,
it is only they should be doing and can
do.
And we're trying to reduce that noise and
those tickets.
It's the knowledge piece and I have got a
lot to.
That I've gave the team to respond when
it's not a pending QE.
We're trying to let them know if it's not
pending QE, we can't do anything. Why?
I mean, it's probably that reason. Yeah,
I'm just going to answer it anyway
because it's going to reason, you know?
Yeah,
given in the background of why they can't
do it. We're sorry this is.
In the next one step was compliant,
so we we just let them.
It's a little template to see if we have
where it is and what it is doing. So yeah,
so we we we get we do get a lot of these
where they're wanting them done, right,
yeah, really quickly and that's fine.
We get loads of them.
Yeah, just good for them. Go back.
So in three, you can manage that. I mean,
that's why I manage it every day. Yeah,
that's what you're managing anyway.
But it's capturing those ad hoc requests
that may come. So we're working on three.
Yes. So we get the request, but ideally.
They should know before they put the
request and it's actually claiming QA.
Otherwise we can't do anything.
So that would be a great thing to capture.
I just ask who changes that status ending
QA? That would be compliance.
So they do their cheques. Yeah.
So it goes through different theories
cheques before it comes to us.
And when it's a pending is one that means
it's less compliance.
They may change it to pending wreck
because they need more information from
whether it's open that.
When they change it to pending QE,
it then sets with us.
We need to make it current.
We have to do some change.
So I'm just thinking in three EI think.
So when you're in three,
the fact that it's gone to pending QA is.
Is your roles and responsibilities in
three today, isn't it? Yes, I mean,
you probably don't want more noticeable.
You know,
that's what that's outside of service now.
Yes,
I'm sure that you want to track how many
times you've done that,
because that can be tracked in three.
You don't need a task to tell you you're
going on.
At least just a bucket for capturing
those that somebody else said and you
make the matter current.
But it sounds like you're doing that
anyway, but they want it quicker. Yeah.
Yeah, they want. Yeah.
Here's an escalation of. Yes,
they want it quicker.
And and then obviously we need to start
seeing.
Can't do it because it's not an
educational piece on them and you know,
yeah, with the life cycle. Yeah,
of that matter, anyway.
And that's probably a whole piece of
creation,
the life cycle that they can go through.
And it's the same actually for changing
rates from 10 to last for rates to be
changed and.
It's the same reason it's not current yet.
OK,
for for the QA is it's just from three E
it doesn't go through. Sure. Well, yeah,
we get all the I talk. Yeah.
But is is it something you guys can pick
it up on your list with the 3E guys when
you meet them about.
Integration piece? Well,
I'm just thinking that it's it's,
it's in theory. Look,
it's a we're not providing us,
we're sort of it's a reactive services
and this is in service now I'm sort of
challenging the service.
As it were,
these are in three as a life cycle.
So in that system and it's the fact that
people are asking for it to be done
quicker,
even though the life cycle hasn't been
complete.
So it could be and it's sat there,
isn't it in.
You know, pending wreck.
It's not that you can move it even if you
get that, you get that.
But I think the the two areas why I would
want this and I wish it could be on
ServiceNow is because a it goes through
multiple statuses and not everybody knows
in what statuses they are.
So they would be completely hammering us
and asking us.
To get it done quickly,
whereas it would be sitting somewhere
else and be on a wider picture of
capacity which is being used.
So if ServiceNow is gonna give me the you
know the the the MI around you know the
team efficiencies and capacity,
this piece of work will be outside that
whereas.
Just don't have no time on on QAS and it
is a high volume driven activity as well
so I'm missing out on that big time.
You know that the full picture? No. Yeah.
OK for that. Yeah.
You can get back the capacity.
And to be fair,
you know one saying that gets through the
business,
so we should we try and complete the QES
that are in kind of QE 2 current within
two days, but that might not happen.
So we could be chasing legitly and we and
then that tells us, yes,
we're going to do that.
That's a good point. Thank you for that.
Yeah, apart that. But we can look at that.
Useless. Yeah, the use case. Perfect. No,
the next one has just changed and are in
the process of change.
And that'll send you to Sandeep, right.
I suppose off. Yes.
I'm just thinking that.
So it comes in and you you can either do
it or not do it because you know. Yeah.
With that we have and then you might work
on your series of tasks.
I'm just thinking then do then obviously
you've got all the tasks that you need to
do in order to move it. Yeah.
But therefore I don't know if you want a
checklist and so now that each of them
are done so you can see it on the
dashboard or if you need to reassign it
to someone else because of month end that
you can say, well, I've done task 123,
can you do 4-5 and six for me and it's
great if you're going to.
So when you pull the report,
you're going to do it,
you're going to do that.
You you don't you think that's 6 minutes?
You know to do so? OK.
And so you would sit and you could do
that one matter.
And in regards to are you so I guess are
you thinking about allocating certain
tickets to certain levels of?
People maybe potentially that's what I
would say, yeah, OK.
Eventually that is one that we wouldn't
give to a newish person. Yeah. You know,
once something's been trained fully,
then then anybody you can set that make
sure anyway that it wouldn't be as you
said that there might be a subsection of
the tier get to and we can.
That was.
And it can't be reassigned to anybody.
It can then be reassigned. Yeah,
more in if it took, like, for example,
half an hour for each,
but you're paying doesn't. Yeah,
it was the fact that you could say it's
work in progress and wherever you
reassign it to could see how much of it.
We wouldn't do it.
And it's just done. Yeah. Yeah.
So we do the cheques, make it cut in,
and then we would see this is no cutting.
OK.
And then it can on complete the new
request, it gets informed that it's done,
OK and it's been completed in three years.
Yeah, that's good. OK. OK.
So the next one high volume matters.
So they're very,
very similar to the previous one. Yeah,
if you write more. Yeah.
It's very similar that the difference
since here was that we probably didn't
take us as long to do because the win
reads to us.
There was other cheques to do so.
They're very similar.
They were just called high volume because
there's different cheques that you do
with the Fe, however,
and you haven't made of this.
But I don't think could you been on
holiday,
you know where we have got certain people
who are now going to treat these matters
themselves out with our teams,
these how high volume matters.
And that's just being approved yesterday.
Yeah. What constitutes a high volume?
So it's basically and then come in and
there's lots of them.
And then the way that they come in.
How it's done?
It doesn't have the right partner in
there,
so we have to make sure we update the
right part of depending on the client and
the right location to get the bill in all
correct.
So once before like that proper
validations and the partner should be
correct or would need to add rates.
What is that one we had to.
To make changes so somebody would begin
in to interact and doing this,
but it's not pulling through correctly I
suppose and and then we had to make some
changes. However,
spoke about internal matters earlier,
which which we do.
So this team of people who normally.
But these matters through Insapp are now
going to be able to go into 3E and create
this themselves,
which means we won't be involved, right?
So is that basically taken?
We going to be the administrators of it
now. So although we're not involved,
if there's any, yes.
So if there's any issues and we'll deal
with it.
If the particular client's not showing,
we will create a template and if the E
billing is not correct,
we will then create templates.
So we'll be doing an administrative
background for queries which will be very
different to this, OK.
And so we can pick up some knowledge
piece on that. Yeah,
it's literally yesterday.
So we're all right, we will.
To get that up as a,
make sure that we're capturing that. Yeah,
OK.
I'm just asking a quick question a wee
bit off topic for this,
but it's still to do it for I'm obviously,
am I right and saying that depending on
who the request has came from depends on
how you resolve the request?
The only reason I'm asking is I was
helping with sample checking a wee while
ago for Rama and I remembered like if it
was maybe like a partner or a fear or you
need to send like a manual personal life
resolution.
Whereas if it's maybe a different someone
else you just resolve it or is that not
even a thing anymore? No.
Although I've been trying to suit the
team to make it.
Yeah.
Like reply anyway to make it a bit more
user friendly sort of thing,
but you could do.
You can have your notification for this
polite yeah modelling behaviour for
everybody. Yeah, I mean well,
I'm assuming that's what's going to
happen anyways. Yeah. You know,
you're a partner,
doesn't you get to have more manners.
So it could be a standard notification.
And that's, you know,
services everybody in that in that same
way. Yeah.
Because in something and Melbourne don't
know that's it was I just I don't know
why I just thought of it when we were
talking about resolves I just wanted to
check because I know obviously when we
resolved the case it just seems like a
standard resolve notification there's not
much information in it but.
You are in emails. Yeah,
we're just like what you don't want is in
again. As the recipient.
You're also creating a reputation and a
service. I understand those complete.
What does that mean?
It can be tailored in such a way,
you know, with the subject heading.
You know, what's it come from?
It you know, it can be well laid out,
but it feels like you have not received
an automatic build personalised,
even though it's been auto.
It's it's it's very subjective and
comparing, yeah,
comparing different partners.
And moreover,
comparing different locations,
we have an individual from Glasgow
working in Brisbane writing emails to
senior operations managers in a very nice,
polite manner and there is to complain.
So does case late.
Not fuzzy. What do you want? You know,
like, I mean.
And then I I saw the e-mail and I was
like, I went to my management. I was like,
what's wrong?
And and it was a proper escalation.
So it depends, you know,
like how you want to deal with that
individual, to be honest with you,
we can come across.
We can standardise the.
So that is, I mean,
that's probably All in all. Yeah.
You know, we talk to each other.
It's it's a very individual team specific.
You know how they want in.
So Cassius for example yesterday,
like they won't have time to say hello.
How are you doing?
And all it would be just one more answer
for them. Yeah. I don't know to. Yeah,
I mean.
I mean, I yeah, we'll print some place.
Yeah.
They should rather than just so yeah,
just system generic. I mean,
personally on that note,
I don't particularly like receiving an
e-mail that's that's higher in was
expected.
I'm guessing that there's also going to
be standardised just oncees but I'm
guessing.
And we could have that add to it if we
need to,
I mean or or like that then just be
declined manually if if it's not the
standard overhead of Matt,
I mean you want you know, you know yeah,
so much overheads here.
Could be, you know,
maybe the template says plus field notes
and then you answer that that tends to be
that we want you want to be moving
towards a sort of a general language that
you. Yeah,
I'm sure that it can take some of the
workload way as well because you have to
respond and have it in a certain way.
But we can tailor the notifications so it
doesn't fill system just sent in.
That's it. Yeah.
So we build those templates that way.
I think the majority of them,
that's absolutely fine.
That for that is ones that's probably
come across as queries that are so random
and different.
I think they would have to be more
tailored. Yeah.
And there'll be times where you can send
out your own.
But it would be directly from the cases
of the request.
So that way you can kind of keep it
related and can pull information all to
pass before you rather than have to
complete everything as well.
But actually you'll probably find me with
time that that's.
You'll probably send me emails at the
same play, but you get each.
It's just like adjustment,
but after a while people get used to
repeating these. Yeah, comfortable.
But it's just saying that it's a category
there where it's comes under query
keeping anything and everything.
So your response is going to be.
Based on like that, yeah,
it'd be a manual. 1:00 today. Yeah,
we're trying to get some actually
slightly different that we are going to
be the scenario for the same thing. Yeah,
I don't think we get something you're
going to get because 52 or 5050 balls.
We are still managing it as a service
that you will see them.
And there's scenarios of of that. So yeah,
we can get that's high volume. Yeah,
that was above. Yes, yes, we've done that.
I'm looking to the reason.
Oh yeah, that's right.
And then we should have a look at that.
I think that's the right side. No,
you don't make that all right.
Rates matter. Pending matter rates.
It's got address.
I think so that comes under rates.
And then we've got this address
maintenance.
Is that from the client?
So is that I would be, yeah.
I would probably say that would be.
Could be matter or because payer
maintenance issue. It says.
I mean there's some of them that you see
that you might say actually we don't do
that process.
I've seen it could be client or matter,
OK. So address maintenance yeah.
So should that sit with us or data team?
No, that's us that that's definitely us.
So it's updating the address.
Why can't it move to data team?
It's usually down address,
should they not have access to the
billing address.
There's this more head office where we
actually fill in.
Is it something we can explore with them?
Like, no,
we don't have any any billing address on.
There's information on interactions
usually.
Linked to head office and when you're
doing any matters so you get this.
You know,
I want to change the bill or yes or maybe
when you're linking. Maybe. Yeah. Or yeah.
Some of the transfer attend intend to get
a trigger is it?
It's a request. OK, so yeah,
we we would never. Yeah,
we would never find it on occasion.
Billing might, you know,
but that they won't have found it because
PE is then said. But but I. Yeah.
It's a big it's a big issue as well for
the partners to get the bills across.
For the right address. OK,
so it comes in from the PE new address
and it's not something they can do
obviously,
but then something you can do and they've
given you and then again,
it's just that you need the right of
course.
You don't just want the post code you
want. Yeah,
of which few different countries.
Obviously there's different structures of
address. We can't.
Maybe the end of it could be that often
that address is already in the system.
So we also will actually search for that
under that client and is the new search
for that under that client or no,
they can't search for any, OK.
So they would have the address and then
we just.
You will check is it already in the
system, yes.
So we'll just click on that address if
it's not in the system,
we'll then add it that that's one of
those where if we did have the
integration,
you could see the lists of addresses and
search them and selects it.
But if we don't have the integration,
they're going to have to type in.
So we want a new address with a yeah to
this one. I mean,
they don't have to give form because no,
no. Yeah. No, that. Yeah. Exactly.
The address details.
And we'll check in the system that is.
We'll just like that one. If it's not,
we'll just add the new address and then
no approval. Just no approval. Yeah.
And you might get it. And they might say.
We're just leaving questions on that.
It's a matter one or the primary.
Can you get that on the secondary,
you know, so we would need,
is it a client and matter,
it's generally a matter to be fair,
it's not often and what's the decline or
matter number? Yeah, yeah,
we'd have to be careful with that one
because previously.
They they've provided the client number
and if you change it client level it
changes the address right across all the
matters and it messes it up. Yeah.
Are you sure you know? Yes.
Is it just the matter level? Yeah. I mean,
that's probably a large piece of the
impact of this. It will take, you know.
Going to.
Change it all. And yeah,
actually that's not what I want. Yeah,
it's OK. It's important on that.
And then you get the matter level. Yeah.
So we want to before going and literally
go back to the PES or the PES for all the
matters and ask them what the address
should be. And it was a mass mass. I mean,
maybe that's a, you know, as you said,
because it's such a big issue if you try
and.
That isn't part of the cheques that you
are when you get those client again.
If they can happen,
maybe there was a verbal or a check back
in. Are you sure? Yes.
At client level it sounds like that.
Then we use a level of approval,
doesn't it at client level? Address. Yeah.
Yeah. Potentially. Yeah.
Because that sounds like a.
This is the yeah, because it's affecting.
It goes through all. Yeah.
I don't know who it's.
The result?
I think more it's it's more just,
it's just that matter level.
What's the matter number and then
majority of those who are matching level
95% is is matter level presuming the
client doesn't tend to move no No2,
all kinds, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But we we could just warn upfront. Yeah,
it's more definitely if it's going to.
Yeah.
Geraldine,
I'm assuming there is a certain format
you need in terms of the address,
because I'm thinking if people give you
different formats of their address and
you're going to have like duplicate ones,
which is technically the same address,
but it's maybe different because.
I don't hear anything. Guys lost sound,
no worries.
Sorry.
So we'll set shipping maybe in 3E and
we'll select it.
So it's formats all there.
If it's not in three E,
then we'll add it in the in the correct
format. But yeah, it's it's critical.
Yeah. Yeah.
Like short form of a country will get
rejected. Yeah.
And the same the same like depending.
And then on the country might depend on
the format that you need. So is it?
It's definitely even in terms of like you
know how here you've got address line 1
address line two, I think it's 18,
three launching other other oracles or
something that it will have because of
this country,
it will have a zip code or a post code or
I think Australia probably has a area.
I think it does pick.
Couple of.
Not true variations.
Or anyway we can do that from a serious,
no perspective.
The person that's requesting it because
we haven't got that integration will be
right in the address which they think
you're checking it against an already
existing address to change it to.
You're not entering it.
Manually we can. Yeah. Yeah.
So why there be?
So we're basically checking if it's on
there on the system already. If it is,
we'll select it. So that's done. If not,
then we will,
we will that to the probably to your
point and how that year ended this.
Because I'm just thinking from AI might
be thinking too much in it,
so apologies like I'm just thinking like
like you see post code here zip code
somewhere else.
How do we name that as a field on the
form that we just put both post code
slash ZIP code and we could be location.
Where is location and then it will give
you the appropriate. Right, OK,
so we can base it on location. OK. Fab.
That's quite a mature solution to all the
possible countries, whichever is relevant,
which is relevant. Sorry. Yeah.
Is is there.
If there's no integration, though,
and somebody's manually typing something
and you have to search it,
how often is it that you know they don't
find it and they add something,
but it actually did exist?
They just didn't have exactly the right
inputs. Well,
I think so because it's under a client.
So what the matter number,
which falls under a client number? Oh, OK.
So it's not like you'll get a list of
them under there, so you can match it.
Yeah,
just like magnifying glasses down in
scope. Yeah, that's there.
So although I have seen duplicates in
there before, but probably low risk. Yeah.
Yeah, cool. It's what we would.
Global everybody moving forward anyway.
OK, that's straightforward.
So it could be, yeah,
just that mindful as we've just you know
if it's required the impact and then we
get changed and then we get notified.
It could be that you've, you know,
it could be that you have a note on our
check box updated to,
you know incorrectly.
It could be that you can move on them.
This the new address, but yeah,
it's something that you just.
This is deducting no SLA on that.
Or is it just as you see that it needs to
be no only date form so that the new
build is raised on a sort of these small
tasks.
We do try and get tasks completed within
4 hours for the small that's that's.
OK,
so things are going to be reached or as
you say,
you're getting 430 in that window when no
one is online, we could.
It could be that that SLA takes the
account that it the clock stops the
working hours and then it picks up.
So you're not always reaching a 4:30.
It depends if it is a bills a bill to be,
you know, sent out quickly,
that mean I mean has to be done like
within minutes. It. Yeah.
And you ask for the reason for the I mean
the PE it could be reason for interest
change or urgent bill or no if if they've
got an urgent request they tend to put
urgent.
Yeah, I mean, I mean, and I think that,
you know, urgency is also subjective.
So you can a bit like notification,
it's great, but it becomes white noise.
So if everything's urgent,
nothing's urgent or if you say to the
kids everyone's special and no one I want
you to have this discussion with OPS you
know.
Yeah,
we've had that discussion with somewhere
like every third one who's concludes
urgent. So that's what I'm saying.
If you if you trigger the fact that it's
and if the drop down is urgent, bill,
then of course then we can categorise
that it's that it has a priority where
it's you know.
General quests when just you know,
so you can use the system to prevent that.
Not everything becomes urgent because you
do have to prioritise.
It'll be great on your queue to say that
this actually is an urgent priority.
It's on your dashboard,
it's visible for all,
and then you hit and you get to it fast,
yeah.
Alex, are you?
No,
I was just going to say that that ties
into the whole VIP lane stuff that's came
out of all the previous weeks that needs
to be that facility, say this, you know,
this is a priority, this person's first.
So that's just a similar.
I'm so trying to do that is that this
person's first is that based on.
I mean, I'm challenging about this. Oh,
that's you're quite right to challenge me
back.
All I'm saying is customs and behaviour
says this person is special.
They need to know that with, I mean,
we different behaviour lists personally
and we manage that. I would like,
even if it is not an urgent query.
But if that VIP is sending an.
You know, we'll just jump on it.
I think I would, I mean you know,
see how how you have the in in IT,
how you have the,
what do you call the the the matrix of
the tickets,
you know like when it's AP1 incident P2,
it's something similar.
As I say we probably would help yes,
because I mean look we don't.
Do that.
We don't send emails with urgent agenda
and you know, get us done quickly.
We we are the receiver.
So if kind of matrix is there that what
is the definition of P1?
What is the definition of?
I think we need to be we need to be very
careful with that because obviously from
our P1P4 from like you take Matt's worlds
for example,
that's a totally different thing than the
other report on that business.
Impact and whatever else.
This isn't the vigilant impact,
Yeah.
so it's no, but P1 is just an example,
it's just terminology I'm using,
but I'm saying that some sort of category
and a definition of it should be there
somewhere and that's what impacting it
could be a,
you know you could have a like sometimes
we have service impacting you know it's
something that's going to.
Break. You know,
if you're by not having this break so you
could create that rather than, as you say,
I think we should take it as a. Yeah,
But typically in in these situation in in
these situations you might want to
yeah. The the danger.
consider reputational impact because
ultimately it's either you know,
revenue in reputation,
you know that sort of thing you could do
that, but there's a tricky 1.
To get agreement right across the board
without fair bit of conversations and
Yeah.
dialogue.
The other piece I would say is if you use
that drop down list to say this is high
priority that will get abused.
So those are the element I would do it
that way.
I've done here the way that you do it is
you use certain business language.
So you might say is it impacted for the
particular building date is it you know
something is it a general inquiry but.
Behind the scenes,
when it comes through to the actual teams,
there is a prioritisation so we can give
language to the user that they can't
distinguish or this is a really,
really high priority.
It's going to be P1 on their list,
but it's enough for them to go OK no,
this is this is quite serious. Yeah. Also.
Yeah.
So we we should say that offline is a
design discussion and then say.
Actually,
what the really key things for you or is
it a VIP?
So we can then on proper priority views.
Then you can imagine that queue as well.
But I'd say let's take that as a separate
piece for that.
And it's in the same place, same building.
And they didn't know that they were
ranked platinum to bonds. You know,
the feeling was that everyone was treated
equally.
And depending on what came in and who was
it for, it became a different,
a different priority.
So all of that possible nature in the
background.
So I'm having the discussion now and you
may say general for phase one not right
now, but if we can evolve this and start,
you know, claims back to the business,
let's let's think about the enhancement
of that later on.
But it is a good way to kind of help you
prioritise across all of your finance
functions, not just within yeah, no,
absolutely and I think.
It's it's a,
it's again a partial discussion with OPS
as well.
And then you can relay that message back
to the partners. It's it's,
it's difficult and we get urgent messages
or I mean emails back to urgent.
And straight away we would get a teams
message within.
I'm saying within like 2 minutes I'll
send an e-mail. So yeah,
we reply back here.
We're looking at it and then straight
away there will be a call. It's,
I would say it is 10 times worse in
Australia. I mean over here,
I don't see that bad behaviour but in
ounces.
It's like 10 times worse. That's yeah.
It's it's, it is. And and I'm.
I'm going couple of after a couple of
weeks and one of my key agenda is to
define Slas for all my teams with the OPS
like what do you mean by one day four
hours like because we have those Slas and
we have been you know 80 percent 90%
hitting those Slas.
So what does urgent mean for you?
So I mean, I'm gonna have that discussion,
but I think from a service,
our perspective it would be interesting
to see if there is something which they
have an option to use and then there
there we see whether that is used or
misused as well.
You know people that which think that you
can.
Yeah.
I mean,
they're there for this and there is the
backbone of auto assignment,
also prioritisation SLA to come on the
back of it.
That's there was a you know standard
functionalities just how we want to how
we want to structure that suggests that
I just.
we we take it offline,
I'll come back to you with a what we
Yeah.
think that should not be a decent.
It's kind of used as a kind of options as
a drop downs for the user or the
operations teams and then you can have a
look at that.
So actually that I was thinking if you're
having discussions about Slas as well,
that's a good way to kind of go, oh,
if it's particularly you know P1 that
triggers a particular SLA which they then
get a response message that will respond
in four hours or.
10 minutes or whichever is. Yeah,
we we can work through something as well.
Right.
We we do have a high priority class SLA.
Somebody back to it we we have a
dedicated mark.
We have a dedicated SLA session in the
calendar for a few weeks and we can use
that for this.
Just Josh, can I can you can,
can you hear me? Am I audible?
Just checking. Hi. Just on that point.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
We can always explore the whole services
side of common service data model, right?
Because it's it's not just meant for IT.
It's meant for all the services.
And when you define services which are
critical.
You can put risk factors around it.
You can put service commitments around it
and that helps you decide in your process
how you tackle that.
So we can take that off offline and
propose a model which works.
Yeah. I mean, yeah, I,
although whatever I have said,
I have doubts that will work,
to be honest with you because it's again
partner versus everybody else.
So if they want it, they want it right.
But I think somewhere right now currently
we don't have anything, any, any,
any tools to even advise or go back.
Yeah. Because I mean, yes,
we do have Slas,
but how many times we will generally
emailing back and saying this is not this
beer within our Slas,
don't mess it because we're tired.
I mean we can't do that for a week.
So even having anything there would give
us some sort of you know confidence to
say hey by the way come down you know
we'll come back.
And it's it's not with IT or anything.
I think internally we know internally I
TS SLAS are there they work back.
I think it is more with with with
operations and the front end queries you
know OK yeah I mean that's the way we'll
yeah exactly we can.
But certainly it's bad as you said we
take a couple of month.
OK. Should we move on? Move along.
Then address. Then. I'm sorry.
Do you have to call it QA? Check standard.
I mean, you covered. Yeah, I'm. I'm.
I think we covered. Yeah,
I think it's just different reasons.
I'm saying having it the same. Yeah. Yeah.
Issue. Yeah, yeah.
Is he number comment is that the same you
know same queries of the.
Yeah.
Yeah, all these quick queries, OK.
Yes.
That's actually.
Don't really get that anymore.
I think previously what happened is that
as part of the QE check and.
This should be a bat for certain
countries. There should be a bat number,
and if there's a bat number,
it's part of the Asia,
because if it isn't in there and it
should be there, we could send.
We could also send an e-mail out to them
to to chase that up.
But then they'll ever get back to us.
So we've actually paid the software. OK,
so I but it's something as part of the
information, yeah, we have to set that up.
Yeah. Yeah. OK. We are going to,
we've got an hour and I want to get
through rates and I think actually.
Look again, having a look at it,
lots of them. Just create new and amends,
so there is that,
and based on what we've done,
create new and amends or of everything.
But now we're at rate,
we're at rate level.
All I see that there is a almost like one
service where you'll create amending and
there's variations on it so you know that
we've discussed the mutually exclusive.
It's probably even rolling up to a
combination of them, so.
I'm here.
It's not one problem here,
slightly different so,
but it just even spoke about this and
let's see everyone here on the board.
You already can get everyone. Yeah, Mark,
you can still be here. No.
Yeah, I mean,
I mean the systems are recorded at least
then we can. So panel agreement,
this is where it's either a new client
and we've got brand new rates or else an
existing client and there's no rates
being initiated.
And do you have panels monthly,
is that a regular thing?
Or is it something you trigger based on
findings? No, no, we do have them regular.
OK,
we have regular panel agreements coming
through and basically they'll come
through and we've already discussed this.
So they'll provide the dates and.
And maybe we'll discount the tell us or
don't tell us.
We will create a rate cards and and so
that we understand what rates because
what might be senior associate,
we've got SAS 3 and S2.
But if not actually really worded,
it's not the same word then,
so we will put it on a rate card to what
we think it is.
We will send it back to standardised
terminology because that's how we would
put it into the E we can't put it in any
other way and then we would then send it
back.
We would ask them to check that and once
they.
But proof that we would then and put the
rates into. OK,
so you're so that's not triggered,
that's something you do internally.
So based on the of the of the request or
from the the actions on the panel
agreements. So the request, it is a,
it's a panel agreement request. Yeah,
it's a great question.
And that's verbal or you're together or
anything come through via share will. OK.
Yeah. It could be OK. So,
and that can come in from whoever's
partner quite often. OK.
Could be the global commercial team. OK,
be senior account manager sometimes the
PE, but it's usually more. OK.
But I can come in as a request to you
that these are the following things.
That need to be. Yeah,
that's up will change so very much how we
discussed earlier. Yeah,
on for these ones 50 at a rate card and
there's a lot more,
it could be 27 locations that were input
in.
So our 7th level for that one is 2 weeks.
OK, OK, cool.
And then what input they upfront give you
rather than just to request they you
could trigger there's a down the
checklist that they need to.
I mean,
could it be that you want the rates,
so you could say you want the rates for
who or what's it for and then I've
actually we've actually got a rate card.
Yeah,
that standardised rate card that we were
already getting some people to start
using it but not partner level.
We've started to ask in like the global
commercial team to use.
So that the input rates and that means
we've got them on the rate card and we
can then start and put them.
I wonder if that's right,
maybe we can investigate potentially
essentially asking them,
but how they want to go live by different,
how we go live by September that they're
indoctorating that's you know between now
and then of using these right now.
Good.
It might be an option here,
but they used to using them for that
adoption.
When we go live it quite often it's
either the panel agreement or they just
send an attachment or the snip of the
rate shop and and then we need to come
there.
You can formalise that essentially based
on that standard and then so we would say
for them get them on the rate card,
send them.
They're back to be approved when we get
them back,
then we input the rates into 3 E and we
need the effective date and when these
are from and all those effective date
rules is that can be in the past or is it
from now?
No people, they'll tell us.
It's usually in the past. All.
For example, we've got one.
I know that's coming up now that's due
the 1st of November and we still don't
have the reach.
So that yet we may get that the middle of
November.
So we will we'll put the first stop there
you know,
so yeah OK and pre approval so the panel.
And with the fact that you they've had
the panel agreements,
we don't need approval details, OK,
that's OK.
And obviously we would need to quite
important actually we need to have the
client numbers that this applies to.
So that could be part of the.
Yeah, yeah.
Because you're having sneak them anyway.
Yeah.
And it's something that they could
provide. Yeah. Or will you have?
Otherwise, they don't stay a client,
but when you get that client,
that could be.
120 client numbers and so there's cheques
that has to be done.
Maybe we can talk about the requirements
of that,
but we do need the effective date.
Ideally,
ideally we'd like them to create the date
cards and then we also what we're trying
to do now is actually check with them.
And that's just kind of new at the moment,
which client numbers should that be
important to that don't always know
whether you've got. Yeah. Yeah.
So that's just not improved on that.
And then you'll see that created in three
E, right?
And then those complete and then the
requester gets notified. Yeah, yeah. OK,
no, they put example.
That rate card for some reason,
one of them at whichever level is
thresholds that you think,
I'm imagine that they are hierarchical
structures.
And then suddenly one of them is
unusually high or outside of that bands
you maybe have thresholds within those
ways that they put in that you think
that's, I would question it. OK.
And I have done that.
So I'm going to go back. So for example,
one that I've done quite recently,
there was I think was the 22 vacations
with something and you had the rate
classes and.
One of them there was a reclass higher
than another one. Yes.
So I questioned that. I mean.
And they'll come back and tell me. Ah,
Ashley.
So maybe that's validation because we've
got that matrix,
or we can that incorrect numbers can't
you know those thresholds because you
know your bands? Yeah,
but it can't be entered incorrectly.
It's almost.
Lower than the standardised rate anyway.
OK, yeah,
it could be in the background standards,
right for X that we. Yeah.
Can integration or managed.
I'm not sure how often they change.
Are they an annual reviews of them
somewhere annual somewhere every few
years. OK.
So that's the thing we can have in the
background, but it's never.
And you avoid that back and forth and it
can never be higher than the standard,
given the sound of great.
So they can't enter it incorrectly anyway,
and it could be that it's a drop that you
know,
although they're not finding the drop
down, it's a bit, you know,
sometimes on some forms when you're
entering your.
The only thing that I'll say about that
is this different standard rates as well.
It's not straightforward.
You've got global standard rates and then
you've got local.
It's not just one big card.
You've got local rates as well,
yes and yes. So yeah,
depending on the location and that will
be, yeah. So I can answer that value.
But within within the range, yeah.
OK, that's good.
And then you'll see that do it and you
can confirm that's been entered.
And then the question will get the yes
and you do need any number associated
with that that you enter that they need
to know. No, no,
no referencing or no and and we we advise
from that it's been.
Completed then in what we do is we recipe
then three EBG calculate.
So we see completed and all rates are
recalculated so that the know that the
new rates have been updated so so as part
of that notification it could be done and
yeah right.
You know again there's probably that
template that we're talking about as part
of the messaging.
It's not that it's just done,
but new rates have been recalculated and
I would be keen on this one and to be
really involved in the response to that
because quite a lot that we need to make
them aware of that we've we've done what
we do or responsible for. However,
as well there's all downstream. Yeah,
you know impact of that so for example.
So if there's a re matter level,
even though we've applied it at client
level,
it's not going to come through and that's
not our responsibilities, you know.
So we need to make them aware of it's
been done. What we've done is, however,
yeah.
Yeah. OK. And what next? Yeah. Yeah.
What's the scenario term?
What's next or whatever happens? So that.
Yeah. OK. That's a good one.
Anything that means that you're then not
informed of what's next, you know,
any information that you're giving them.
Insights to aids that experience for them
as well. Yeah, that's good. I mean,
we probably don't want to get into what's
next for because it might be, I mean,
yeah, no, no.
Maybe just touch on what team then we use
to get involved. What is next?
I know it's it's more about this is
what's done and it's making them.
I'm aware that some still not may be
correct that that's up to the PE to check
the particular matters.
OK that may be because a layout of roles
and what they have to do next.
I just thought if you said it actually
then goes to a different team we could,
you know include. No,
it's more for PE responsibility.
Is we will update the rates and then
they'll come back and say this matters
incorrect,
but that's because you're asked for that
specific matter to have overwrites
anything else we do sort of thing, yes,
anything that stops that we quickly we
can do OK. I mean, OK,
so we've got a lot of stories.
They're probably very much so great. New.
Yeah. Amends. Yeah.
So this one is it's not a panel agreement.
Next one down.
So it's literally they just they give us
rates that they want to change for PES
again anybody generally PES yeah but
anybody but generally PES they want to
change leads.
And and actually,
we'll just go into 3E change rates.
We need the effective date from again
approval pre approval. No,
we don't need approval details.
We trust them.
They just need to agree that formalise
that they sort of taking something that
approval yeah. Yeah and then.
Yeah,
we've got 3 E we'll update the rates,
no effective date and recalculate the
rates.
And then just advise them that that's
been done. OK, yeah. OK.
And on any of these though,
FY is you know,
take notification of what they need to do.
It's just.
It's been closed. Complete. Yeah.
That's it. Yeah. So that.
And is that the general way?
So that's create new or amend is it comes
in the same yet or do the men need? No,
no. I thought it's the same. Kinda. Yeah.
You're either adding it, creating it,
sorry, or you're amending it or.
Yeah,
the lending can be on a threshold that's
higher or greater than you know within
the bands or it could be that there's not
been negotiated rates for certain rate
classes.
So they're pulling through its standard
rates.
So the one that's to go in and amend them
to the same sort of principle. Yeah,
exactly the same.
OK. And there's lots of those.
So we have the sort of standard of HD to
client rights make will be different and
like all the all the rate queries will be
OK and it's they'll be all the rate
queries come under one.
So that's the one on slingshopping,
OK could be anything,
but they will return to the query ones.
But the other ones which are.
Create new matter rates. Yeah,
they're similar all and I think you
touched up on the new pro forma
adjustment that you need to might be as
do on the back of the other tasks that
need to be done. Yeah. Yeah.
It's the same thing. They're asking us to.
Add new rates or at the discount which is
your performer. Yes,
and that's just this pending Rick,
we discussed where it goes.
That's where we need to move back here.
Yes,
I that's the same of the work for that
already, yeah.
Learning and then you've got issue and I
don't want another one.
And then you've got the rates out with oh
actually maybe out with panel agreement
it was just a couple is that very much
same. Here's another variation of it.
OK. And yeah, they're all the same, OK.
And then pro forma, that's yes,
that's applying a discount. Yeah,
because I'm losing to them, not going.
So we can do concentrate and query next
one down plus. OK. So then standard rates,
that's a query that we'll come to.
And we discussed the QA withholding taxes
that, as you said that tax. Yeah,
that again, that's wrong here. Yeah.
Security ones. OK.
So we have landed on queries. Yeah.
So these are kind of what I would
probably call the free form free text
stuff. It could be anything.
Really a query so it could be they're
just asking what the queries are.
Sorry what the rates are for that client
and they just want us to send them easy.
They can't do,
they've not got that information. So.
So we will check if we've got any
engagement letters or any information
we'll then check it.
3E and if we have to,
we'll export rules coming rates or we'll
have a look through and we'll just check
and see see what's what they might want
information on, you know,
when's the panel agreement to finish?
These can be quite long queries because.
It might not be reached at client level
and then we have to start going and
investigating every single matter to give
them an idea and then we have to see,
right, you know these matters here.
I've got 15% discount.
These ones are standard.
All they can be general. Yes, yes.
So they're they're very much it could the
the query.
It could be anything really. You know,
and I wonder if that's captured.
We've got a general query that we're
having a discussion on whether that comes
under any anything.
So it could be related to the client.
It's the same type thing.
It could be related to the matter when it
says standard rate query I.
They would kind of clump them together.
Of course you're investigating. Yeah.
Yeah. It's something to. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, it could be that, you know,
a general query within briefly.
Sort of you on that form that you're.
It's leading them. Yeah. That also.
And then it lands with the right person.
I mean, I mean,
how many views do you get a month? A lot.
I mean, I would say to prepare,
they can be quite complex.
I tend to take them.
So I could be doing the complex one
should, which can sometimes take a day or.
And and that could be 20 months maybe and
for the complex ones, the other ones,
it's easy enough.
It's just what are the rates for this
client and what should the rates be?
Are they getting this?
If, if,
if we're if we're smart and we may be
Yeah.
categorised, get some categories on there,
some of those ones.
So you know is your query related to pick
list various options depending on the
options you're routing to different
members of the team or if nothing else
it'll give you a better breakdown of what
you're.
Likely to you know,
the the workload involved perhaps,
Buckingham.
is that something that would work?
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think I mean because we categorise them,
but obviously the the Questor doesn't at
the moment. But yeah,
Yeah,
I think it's like we we we we have the
we could be looking at some. Yeah,
good point, yeah.
same.
Yeah,
we have the same sort of principle with
the with like IT or any of the others.
If you can sort of steer what it,
what help would you are you looking for
what sort of topic you know and sort of
Yeah.
help them even,
I mean they will still pick probably the
wrong topic at times.
But it just means that sort of 80% might
come through a little bit easier.
And then if you see that coming through
consistently,
you can then maybe route if it's light
touch to another colleague or you know at
Mm-hmm.
least it enables you to prioritise what
you deal with.
Yeah, yeah. So for example,
if it's just they just got in with the
rates for the client, that's simple.
But at the minute, yeah.
And that's and that's quite appears Mark
said that it could be a quick that's an
easy pick list, yeah,
you know and you could do the pick list,
so they actually.
You know,
the top one is you can always find in
some of these pick lists.
They always pick the first one,
but you know,
leave them into not too many and you can
at least as much.
So built at 80% and the other ones you
could categorise yourself.
We're trying to we're trying to do it in
smart ways so that we can try and answer
their questions with knowledge if they.
Yeah, search for certain thing. Yeah.
Yeah, some of them you might. You know,
it's late. It's stopped there.
But you don't get the query.
Maybe there's an only chance to call that
answers. Yeah. Question.
So it stops that at the past,
no doubt that they'll ask you anyway.
Yeah.
But and then as you say,
and then we could be able to assign to
based on those pick lists or it might
just say,
well actually in the first instance I
want them to be all assigned to yourself,
you're going to group and you can,
you know, reassign if you needed to.
But the key thing as you said is that.
When they're raised by the requester,
when you've moved it into work in
progress, that's metric bound,
and then when you closed it so it could
be at the end of your dashboard, you know,
say, look justification of my time,
I had to work on all of this, you know,
stuff.
Yep.
In their close completes and you know,
so at least you get.
You've got a breakdown of everyone of
what you're working on versus queries
Yeah.
versus updates versus changes versus new.
That's all there.
And we're going to report.
In addition,
just put thinking back what you could do
is depending on what they they select.
If you've got defined knowledge articles,
even if they're not,
they don't cover everything. So.
So I collected a rate query and there
were three or four knowledge articles
that you had related to rates.
You could again get present those on the
screen to enable the audience to just
have a quick look down and maybe they can
then just read if they can see a title
said oh, that's my query. Again,
it's about trying to help them and prompt
them that,
you know point at which they start to
raise because it might be they see the
the knowledge article that.
Perhaps helps them with that guidance.
Then they don't have to submit the
request at all,
but we use the request to present the
knowledge.
I suppose in this case is the fact that
they can't go to,
even though they can't actually access
the data. It's not like there is.
They want the information because they
can't do it themselves or see it.
But I mean,
I don't know if that would work,
but what you just said that has made me
think because we've got the standard
rates and quite often that's what we
asked.
So you that's been able to accept that
maybe that heads off a lot of those
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that's exactly what that's exactly what
I'm thinking. They they will.
questions, some of the ones,
the standard rates,
Yeah, that's it.
especially when the rates have just
changed, you know for the financial year,
we get lots of requests.
So audit reporting request,
does they have dashboard?
Or is there anywhere else? It's?
It's there, it's on Internet we can't get.
The thing is that we've got The thing is,
thing is team,
we know we've got a user community who
don't self help right,
who their first sort of route is to ping
somebody, e-mail somebody or whatever.
Thank you.
So the more that you can sort of steer
them even if they come, you know,
we coach them to come into the employee
centre.
And you know,
start asking the query request and then
you can show them stuff.
That means one click away,
they get the answer like what are the
standard rates that you know when they
say rate query you list out the common
list of you know common ask things.
It just prevents that even coming in.
If you can do it now,
Yeah.
they'll always be some they they just
won't read it.
They're still populated fine,
but it gives, you know,
if you can just stem the flow of a few by
presenting the right collateral or the
right Intel. I think that would help you.
And we can easily do that from.
The pick list. If you pick this topic,
these are your related subjects that they
could, you know, review.
Yeah, yeah, there is a couple scenarios.
Yeah,
That makes sense.
there's a couple of scenarios where we
could send them and find information.
Most of them, though,
is about getting into 3 E to see what's
happening with the client or the rates
that are on there.
But there's definitely some.
Yeah, I mean,
I know we're not touching on 3E,
but is that something when we do the 3E?
Because it sounds like lots of things.
I don't. I can't see.
I can't are the amounts.
I mean the fact that you're giving them
visibility is a visibility of three E.
So when they do the three conversations
or the upgrade,
is this something that pees?
Can get a visibility or their dashboard,
but it stops these questions coming I
mean, so I'm just parking it for now.
I think it's more about the access.
I think it's.
I mean fundamentally no harm in having
them see that. Yeah, we doing really well.
I mean, I mean, yeah, yeah.
Please only is what I'm saying.
But I think it's something.
And if you're getting lots of three
questions,
but they're you're just giving them a
copy. I mean, it's not. It's not.
It's convention. You can't see it,
but it's something that you maybe can't
for free visibility. Yeah.
It's whether they would understand it
looks as well. Yeah. Yeah.
It's it's it's also whether they will
understand or whether they want to
understand as well. You know, it's.
It's just, you know,
on that usually you get lots of to
address when you,
you know even I mean it's it's more get
stuff through because handled even you be
coming to an end so they want to find out
other other about severe negotiate rates
they want to find out what rates could go
up and then there's that.
But I've all reason matters numbers.
Look at that and I've put that and that
helps them decide how they will move
forward with the negotiations. But yeah,
they are really, there is definitely some,
you know,
if we could refer them to the standard
rate card. So you could get that.
And there's some in the future as well.
If we get that one from Deb's client
terms website where they may be able to
get access to the engagement letters and
stuff like that,
so that the actual what's happening to
that client, the rates that.
Yeah, that it's amazing.
Between now and go live,
maybe that's a yeah.
A notification back with us. Yeah. Alex,
you wanted to say? Yeah,
I was just going to say a bit in terms of
the data, obviously,
we're going to have conversations about
risk to GDH, for example.
But we also know that the frequency of
that.
The update of it means that those
discrepancies between which G e.g.
DH would provide and what will actually
be in the and from the call yesterday.
It's quite clear there's no new
integrations to three because of the fact
that it's been upgraded through 2627,
so we just start,
we just need to see is it good enough.
Or do we have enough consent and risk
covering potentially using some of that
data to do any of that stuff?
So so it's general. Yeah.
And then I think we're on manage.
On cards,
which I think we that should be a quick,
quick, yeah. There you go. Three. Yeah,
that's quite quick.
We've got half an hour to talk about time
cards.
We've got a couple of wrap up things on
our site to do and that'll be, yeah.
They're all.
They're all the things we can unheard new.
You get an address,
you get an address from the PE and and we
we need the matter number.
Generally we need the dates as well.
So they're asking us to do something
about.
I think you know something that I want to
say for a certain person and they want us
to unculture or you know what I mean.
There are reverse or whatever they want
us to do.
So there is certain information we would
require upfront and I don't know all of
that, right.
That's not insane because I don't do the
same. But you can share. But yeah,
I can't feel that with you and not that's
an.
I think it does time cards environment
they they they they. Yeah.
So they do and they would be I'll get
that information exactly what's needed.
So some places that people remember or
whatever but we can get the basic
information on the the request that would
yeah that would be good and that location
would you say.
OK,
so also could it all come into a global
and you assign well that thing anybody
can and pick them up in yours, OK,
sounds good and that is that is really
for that one it is one,
so that's important.
But I'll let you know the information
with Minecraft.
We meet the request and what is also good.
There's certain parts that we don't do
and so that might be a good thing to put
in there as well. So yeah,
sort of like we're splitting them.
I think it was defences and then
transferring time going since it's always
in the UK or offensive generally
generally, yeah.
More splitting that would go offensive.
And then if there is transmitting time,
do that, we do that. So we do these three,
yes, with other tasks or time cards. Oh,
OK that other teams do.
And it's that knowledge thing. OK.
So it's making aware if you want to
transfer time.
I can look at those all those processes
for time cards and then we can make the.
Over workflow,
but depending on as you said for reverse
unpersion ends split,
I'll transfer on tape is that is that all
of them? Are there more that you don't do?
Oh, OK. Less than the time is N CES. Yeah.
Transferring is the hockey team.
Let's just try to take a walk into
another place. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I can. We need advance times,
and we can an entire person. But OK,
we can transfer from one. OK,
so you get that it tends to be the PE.
The numbers. Yeah. OK.
Give that details as you say,
if you can give me the checklist,
I want no approval required, no approval,
no, and then go into three. Change them.
Oh, no. These are in tap in three years.
And then those completes.
And there's no reason why you might say
I'm. You're checking any of these.
They are just assumed to be completed.
So you just tell us.
We would obviously we should go back if
we can't find the other stuff with
effective dates and no, no,
because either dates.
So that's like you're saying that you
worked on the 25th of October. Yeah.
You've done 4 hours.
And on a certain project and you'll just
say you're saying, you know, Ashley,
can you change it?
And I'm assuming it's a they've reached
out because time house are locked up at a
certain time. Is it like, I mean,
so once they've been submitted it,
that didn't say we can. So once submitted,
yeah,
there's always been submitted approved,
presumably. Yeah.
That's probably sometime, yeah.
Oh.
Bits of timing preemptively for some of
the work. Yeah, you can amend that.
Can't you tend to be I I don't know,
to go honest,
but my assumption is obviously they come
through. Yes,
we have to change it because they can.
So I mean maybe that's a question you can
ask has it been submitted approved. Yes,
we can do for some instances.
So if you haven't. Yeah.
It's not locked down for clear.
It's either you can still make your
amendments yourself. Well. Interestingly,
sometimes they'll put annual leave in as
well, and they'll ask us.
So then they cancel it and then they're
asking us to reverse that.
So I don't know whether they've submitted
it too early or whether they could or
they were on annual leave.
And they have to work.
So that sounds. Sorry, sorry.
Would we have like 110 card form then?
But we would have like the definite
reasons or so, yeah, yeah.
And all of these would be one form which
we're rolling up.
You know we we consolidate it all a bit
like.
Wouldn't matter.
You'd probably have one form with who
would it work with,
given that splitting is done by fensis
who are in IT.
See they selected splitting time card
right and then the field up here. OK,
so we'll come to you guys.
It'll go straight offences team who need
help.
If it's transfer of would there be a
notification?
Leave them aware that it's not come to us
or you could do that.
I mean if that's the case,
I mean it could be a prompt,
it could be a prompt screen before they
submit.
But those teams don't make sense.
Oh yeah, we'll double check.
Fences are fences are using sharewell,
so I think they will be service now,
but I'm not sure about the hub.
I think we'd need to double check that.
OK,
because how would that work with the hub
then?
Wouldn't we just get the hub of the
e-mail address? Maybe at least they don't.
The transfer sign the transfer.
So say transfer was an option.
But actually it turns out it's the hub
that does it.
How does that work if it's coming through
the portal,
would it not very much with an individual
e-mail? Yeah. So they've got, like,
a shared mailbox, don't they?
Like Hub UK at dot com or whatever it is.
Yeah.
That would be fun, yeah.
OK.
Or it could be that you you see them all,
that you're not responsible for.
You got the ability of the ageing. Say,
for example,
it went to a pub and on your cue,
it's like ageing for ages. I mean,
that could be a bit where you sort of
think obviously been sat here.
I might nudge them to the you know they
they all resend the notes.
Or reminder is triggered because it's in
ServiceNow that they keep getting the
reminder,
but it's certainly even though they're
not in ServiceNow,
they could be notified via e-mail that
this is required.
You'll get the details of that original
form that servicenow's task is and
they're not got access to ServiceNow, but.
And they've got all the details
associated with that.
It would be request awards because I
think if it can ideally direct to the
right team,
then obviously the amount that's going
into to your view,
in fact it's not all of that. Yeah,
the education as well as what I was, 20%.
Yeah, what's a hub.
Oh, sounds like very long.
What's their their role?
So you've got the keys to do what to do
with building and all that.
The Hub team are like the and their
assistants or not to use assistance,
but they're like,
and they will do more operations. Yeah,
they'll do. Like,
they will not do the building.
Probably the.
They're able to do more administrative
stuff, and so,
even though they're doing billing or bits,
they won't be associated any tasks they
don't use share all today or the picture.
I don't think. I don't think so.
I don't think I can double check if I
double check.
They fall under operation.
Actually they use service desk plus. Yeah.
Yeah. So they do. Yeah.
Which is currently what expenses use just
now as well.
Coming off that and going on in service
now.
So does it mean that hub will come on
service now because I know expenses use a
service desk and it will come.
So I think for.
Expenses lens came to get,
like Rhiannon Cole,
etcetera off that to go into service now
because I think operations can see so.
So expenses was a part of hub which we
have brought in to ask now, right.
So the remaining services,
what Hub is right now I don't think so
because that falls under OPS.
Exactly.
OPS is not coming then they will not come.
But that's my understanding. Yeah. Yeah.
So just expenses right now.
So expenses will be expensive is coming.
Yeah. OK.
But if that was want to be lines with
harbour,
they're not in terms now then it would
just be a route to the e-mail.
But you can see along you could see the
life cycle of that or we could see.
Service.
Now you could see that that's life and a
reminder could be sent to their e-mail
address,
but that's that would be up for you.
That goes to services.
Plus it might be that we have to trigger
to create a ticketing services plus and
we don't close up.
So I'll say your tickets been raised and
sent as well, yeah.
If it's a similar set up to share,
will they know you know how?
I'd mentioned that so many emails,
like any of the mailboxes,
goes into outlook and then goes into a
process folder.
I think it's similar with service days
plus from what I can remember when we
used to be on it years ago,
I think it's similar.
It goes into outlook and then jumps into
some sort of service plus plus, yeah,
SB plus, we call it SB.
Yeah.
And the the management team was on there.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. You're right. Yeah. OK,
that's good. But it can be routed. Yeah,
that would work. Cool.
But that's really good, I think.
And Geraldine from a Rama perspective,
do you need,
do you even need visibility if it goes to
the hub or fences? No, I haven't.
I don't think so, but I think.
It's good for the requester to see that
it's not ours. Yeah,
that's some sort of notification or
something,
does that obviously admits that it will
be your request has gone to fins.
Your request has gone to and that could
be, you know, programmes.
They know where it is and who's.
Who's? Yeah. And on the board,
you'll be able to follow up with the
correct team as well.
So it's not like you guys will get
follow-ups off the back of that if it's
with another team.
Is there just one hub team?
No,
but the hot team in Australia and and the
hot team in Glasgow? Yeah, two locations.
Can I? Isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.
Or do they fall under different?
Box does all the wood stuff now,
don't they? Yes. Does that work stuff?
So that's a very different. Yeah.
Set up to what we have.
It's really it's a small office and so
they do they do a lot of combined
activity.
So in they don't have hub per SE but they
will be.
What? What is it called? T ES. Yeah,
tango T ES as well.
Who are a level below PE.
So they would be,
they would be doing carrying out those
response very easily.
That's good. That really good. All right,
I think that's everything. Everything.
Unless Geraldine is anything we have not
covered covered everything.
This is at the end, you know.
Today we'll pay it back to you.
Maybe get some of those checklists from
you.
Because all of that launch stuff,
but that was very helpful today.
Can I just check are there any peer
cheques or live cheques or anything like
that like the finance teams?
That's that appointment. Yeah,
that there isn't that we have in
conversations that potentially might be
one to introduce those. Yes. Yeah.
But it's not happening at the moment.
But there is maybe some of those ones
that may be high thresholds or you know.
Yeah. Or as you said,
maybe for clients actually it's a volume
discounts, actually, yeah,
maybe on that one, there should be,
should we take a note of that,
we could be incorporated? Yeah,
we're looking into that at the moment.
I'm completing a list.
I'm working with the business assurance
team to get a list of all the live
cheques.
That we've got as well as a checklist as
well. Sorry.
So I will hopefully have that soon, OK.
The Ask people checklist. There's so many.
So I'm trying to speak to AFG to see if
there's a quick way that I can get it
from share well instead of having me
manually do it,
but the business assurance team are going
to provide the other one.
So as soon as I've got them,
I'll make sure to save them in the.
But if you don't have them at the moment,
it's something that we can incorporate.
So for example, it will be blank,
checked wouldn't be it's been live
checked,
it will be reviewed by an an assigned
person. Yeah,
it's got an audit trail of it.
And I do think we'll probably we'll be
doing that with the volume discounts.
Wouldn't talk about time with high volume
discounts. Yeah, volume discounts.
Volume discounts,
volume discounts and I can make sure,
I mean,
we're going to have this probably for all
ask teams.
If we add in new live cheques and stuff.
Obviously I'm providing the info that
we've gotten now,
but we still can kind of go what,
911 months?
My math is terrible until we go into
service now.
So there is going to be changes.
So we probably just need to think of a.
To make sure that we keep these updated
on it as well. Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
That's a good point. The last two slides.
Yeah. Yeah. Couple couple.
You do you want to? Yeah.
So I don't know how what you feel about
today's session.
I think it was very technical. Again,
a couple of other sessions.
But I think the objective what was given
to me was to think how we can change,
improve like Creative Hat to wear the
creative hat as well.
I don't know if you've got that or we
were too much into the technical sides of
it because.
I want to have no I mean you've got today.
You've got 50 price.
I mean you've got a lot so in service now
that our remit is obviously to make that
serve you know to provide a service,
streamline the service.
You know all that added value you know as
and I'm acutely aware that there is
clients behind.
The complexity and you know their numbers,
it's not like doing artist school,
there's a it's a math subject, you know,
so you can't be so creative. You know,
it's not that,
but probably what you're saying is that
you want it to be streamlined and get the
ease of that. And I've seen that,
I've actually.
Well,
I'll probably go away and I'll be parking
is that I did split them into or we split
them into client matter rate,
time card actually in themselves,
they're not mutually exclusive as I
presented them there is that fluidity
within that so.
Hopefully I've captured that from today,
but it wasn't that.
It's easy to just put them into buckets
that one may impact this and this impacts
that,
so I hopefully you know captured that,
but you probably want you're probably
saying there's another overlay of
creativity that you're. No, no, I'm.
I'm I'm it's because this this.
I mean,
we both have new in this space as well a
year old.
So I think where we sometimes do lack is
also about how we can change and improve
yours with you and then areas where we
have we have raised yeah change requests
and everything.
But I think I think I just wanted to make
sure that you are comfortable and is,
was there anything which you think that
you know rather than discussing too much
of the technicalities of as is?
Is there something we can bring policy or
probably like last night?
I was thinking you know that joining the
dots of that,
you know we had lots of conversations put
it all into big poll and then later it
might be.